Author information: (1)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Tokyo Medical University, 6-7-1  Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 160-0023, Japan. (2)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Tokyo Women's Medical  University, 8-1 Kawadacho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 162-0054, Japan. (3)Department of Endodontology, School of Dental Medicine, University of  Connecticut Health University of Connecticut Health, Farmington, Connecticut  06030, USA. (4)Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, Kyoto University Graduate School of  Medicine, Shogoin Kawara-cho 54, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan. (5)Department of Orthopeaedic Surgery, Kyoto University Graduate School of  Medicine, Shogoin Kawara-cho 54, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan. (6)Human Health Sciences, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Shogoin  Kawara-cho 54, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan. (7)Cyfuse Biomedical K.K., South Tower-1F.
Conflict of interest statement: Shizuka Akieda, President of Cyfuse Biomedical  K.K. (Cyfuse), Tokyo, Japan, contributed to the manufacturing of the 3D  conduits.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: JT reports  personal financial interest in form of scientific consultancy role for Accent  Therapeutics, Alentis Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Chugai,  Daiichi Sankyo, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Genentech Inc, Lilly, Menarini, Merus,  MSD, Novartis, Ono Pharma USA, Peptomyc, Pfizer, Pierre Fabre, Quantro  Therapeutics, Scandion Oncology, Scorpion Therapeutics, Servier, Sotio Biotech,  Taiho, Takeda Oncology and Tolremo Therapeutics, and stocks from Oniria  Therapeutics, Alentis Therapeutics, Pangaea Oncology and 1TRIALSP. RS reports  personal financial interest in form of Consultant or Advisory Role (including  Steering Committees, DSMBs): Laboratorios Esteve, Sanofi Genzyme; and  speaking/teaching activities: Sanofi-Aventis, GlaxoSmithKline and WNT Pharma.  Co-owner of SACE Medhealth, commercial medical education company, until April  2022; subsequently owned by spouse until December 2023. DC has received  honoraria from AstraZeneca, Novartis, Incyte, Sophia genetics and Thermofisher  for speaking/teaching at educational activities: Sanofi-Aventis,  GlaxoSmithKline. AP reports grants from AstraZeneca, Novartis, Daiichi Sankyo,  Pfizer, Reveal Genomics, and WNTRoche and personal fees from Roche, AstraZeneca,  Novartis, Daiichi Sankyo, Pfizer, Ona Therapeutics, Peptomyc, Reveal Genomics;  in addition, AP reports patents for HER2DX, and DNADX issued and licensed to  Reveal Genomics. LM is past member of data monitoring committees for clinical  trials sponsored by Novartis, Shionogi and Incyte; had a consulting role for  Novartis, Norgine, Boehringer, Ymabs, Merck, Roche, Bayer and Shionogi;  participated in educational activities organized by Bayer and Eusa Pharma and  received travel expenses from Eusa Pharma; is President of SIOPEN (European  neuroblastoma research cooperative group), an organization which receives  royalties for the sales of dinutuximab beta. J-M.R., reports consulting/advisory  roles at Incyte, Pfizer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Novartis, and Takeda; and  research funding from Amgen.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of Interest: Dr Ilko L  Maier: speakers’honoraria from Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb. Dr Robert M  Starke: RMS research is supported by the NREF, Joe Niekro Foundation, Brain  Aneurysm Foundation, Bee Foundation, Department of Health Biomedical Research  Grant (21K02AWD-007000) and by National Institute of Health (R01NS111119-01A1)  and (UL1TR002736, KL2TR002737) through the Miami Clinical and Translational  Science Institute, from the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences  and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities. Its  contents are solely the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily  represent the official views of the NIH. RMS has an unrestricted research grant  from Medtronic and Balt and has consulting and teaching agreements with  Penumbra, Abbott, Medtronic, Balt, InNeuroCo, Cerenovus, Naglreiter, Tonbridge,  Von Medical, and Optimize Vascular. Dr Marios-Nikos Psychogios: Grants from the  Swiss National Science Foundation (SNF) for the DISTAL trial (33IC30_198783) and  TECNO trial (32003B_204977), Grant from Bangerter-Rhyner Stiftung for the DISTAL  trial. Unrestricted Grants for the DISTAL trial from Stryker Neurovascular Inc.,  Phenox GmbH, Penumbra Inc. and Rapid Medical Inc., Sponsor-PI SPINNERS trial  (Funded by a Siemens Healthineers AG Grant), Research agreement with Siemens  Healthineers AG, Local PI for the ASSIST, EXCELLENT, TENSION, COATING, SURF and  ESCAPE-NEXT trials. Speaker fees: Stryker Neurovascular Inc., Medtronic Inc.,  Penumbra Inc., Acandis GmbH, Phenox GmbH, Siemens Healthineers AG. Dr. S.  Yoshimura: received lecture fee from Stryker, Medtronic, Johnson & Johnson,  Kaneka Medics. Dr Hugo Cuellar: Consultant for Medtronic and Microvention. Dr  Daniele G. Romano: Consultant for Penumbra, Balt, Microvention, Phenox. Dr Omar  Tanweer: Consulting Agreements: Viz.AI, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no  conflict of interest; however, they disclose financial support for the research  and authorship of this paper from the Psychiatric Research Fund in the Region of  Southern Denmark and Psychiatric Department Middelfart, Mental Health Services  in the Region of Southern Denmark (A3620, A3620). Additionally, M.L.P.
BackgroundThe progression of cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) leads to  cognitive decline, which can be categorized into subcortical vascular mild  cognitive impairment (svMCI) and vascular dementia (VaD).ObjectiveThis research  aimed to examine the structural changes in gray (GM) and white matter (WM) in  the brain across the disease spectrum.MethodsA total of 30 healthy controls  (HC), 26 individuals with svMCI, and 29 individuals with VaD were included in  study.
Author information: (1)Centre for Pain IMPACT, Neuroscience Research Australia, Sydney, Australia. (2)School of Health Sciences, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of New  South Wales, Sydney, Australia. (3)CAUSALab, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts.
Author information: (1)Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute, Barcelona, Spain. (2)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation,  Barcelona, Spain. (3)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de la Fisiopatología de la Obesidad  y Nutrición (CIBEROBN), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (4)Unit of Nutrition and Cancer, Catalan Institute of Oncology - ICO,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Spain; Nutrition and Cancer Group; Epidemiology,  Public Health, Cancer Prevention and Palliative Care Program; Bellvitge  Biomedical Research Institute - IDIBELL, L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Spain. (5)Endocrinology and Nutrition Department, Hospital Clínic de Barcelona, Spain. (6)Translational Research in Diabetes, Lipids and Obesity, Institut  d'Investigacions Biomèdiques August Pi i Sunyer (IDIBAPS), Barcelona, Spain. (7)Cardiovascular Risk, Nutrition and Aging (IDIBAPS), Barcelona, Spain. (8)Escuela Andaluza de Salud Pública (EASP), Granada, Spain. (9)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs.GRANADA, Granada, Spain.
ObjectivesTo determine the feasibility and acceptability of home-based pulmonary  rehabilitation (HBPR) for individuals with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis  (IPF).MethodsIn this single-arm feasibility trial, individuals with IPF were  recruited from Delhi, India, to a 6-weeks HBPR programme using a paper-based  manual.
Conflict of interest statement: B.O.S.
Author information: (1)Cardiology University Department, IRCCS Policlinico San Donato, Piazza  Edmondo Malan, Milan 20097, Italy. (2)Multimodality Cardiac Imaging Unit, IRCCS Policlinico San Donato, Via Morandi  30, Milan 20097, Italy. (3)Laboratory of Biostatistics and Data Management, Scientific Directorate,  IRCCS Policlinico San Donato, San Donato Milanese, Italy. (4)Health Professions Research and Development Unit, IRCCS Policlinico San  Donato, 20097 San Donato Milanese, Italy. (5)Department of Translational Medical Sciences, Federico II University, Naples,  Italy. (6)University of Milan, Milan, Italy. (7)Department of Cardiovascular Prevention and Gender Medicine, I.R.C.C.S  Policlinico San Donato, 20097 San Donato Milanese, Italy.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Despite the advancements in the treatment of patients with  heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), clinical inertia regarding  the prescription of the four classes of guidelines-directed medical therapies  (GDMT) remains prevalent. This study aims to assess how adherence and time of  prescription to GDMT in HFrEF impact mortality. Additionally, it seeks to  evaluate sex differences in prescription, and outcome. METHODS: The study retrospectively analysed data worldwide using the TriNetX  database. Patients with HFrEF were divided into four groups (G1-G4) based on the  number of classes of GDMT prescribed. The primary endpoint was all-cause  mortality. Additional analysis was performed in the G4 group to examine the  impact of the time to reach quadruple therapy on mortality. An age-matched  subgroup analysis was conducted to assess whether sex influenced mortality. RESULTS: The total cohort included 17,668 patients (68% men, mean age  66.7±14.6). Only 20% of patients received quadruple therapy; the least HF  medications prescribed were MRA (39%) and SGLT2i (33%) especially among older  and frail patients).Each additional HF therapy was associated with significant  mortality reduction (p-value < 0.
Author information: (1)Department of Cell Biology and Anatomy, Cardiovascular Translational Research  Center, School of Medicine Columbia, University of South Carolina. (L.P.,  E.W.W.
Author information: (1)College of Medicine, QU Health, Qatar University, Doha P.O Box 2713, Qatar.
Author information: (1)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Materials and Tissue Engineering,  International Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Biomedical  Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Plain Language Summary: Incretin-based therapy, now widely used for weight loss,  also modestly reduces blood pressure and mortality, providing an additional  health benefit to people with obesity or diabetes. Key finding: Across 85  clinical trials (more than 90,000 adults), incretin-based therapy lowered  systolic blood pressure by about 3 mmHg; the most significant falls occurred  with the dual and triple-agonists, and every kilogram lost made the reduction  larger.Incretin-based therapy use was associated with an 18% lower mortality,  with no increase in hypoglycemia or pancreatitis episodes, supporting their safe  dual role in weight control and cardiovascular protection.
Author information: (1)Department of Oncology, Zhoushan Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine  Affiliated to Zhejiang Chinese Medical University, Zhoushan 316000, Zhejiang  Province, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Group (BIO277), Department of Nursing, Faculty of Health Sciences,  University of Granada, Granada, Spain. (2)Institute of Biosanitary Research, Ibs.Granada, Granada, Spain.
Author information: (1)Department of Experimental and Clinical Medicine, University of Florence,  Florence, Italy. (2)Department of Experimental and Clinical Biomedical Sciences "Mario Serio",  University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (3)Department of Medical Sciences, Immunology and Allergy Unit, University of  Turin, Mauriziano Hospital, Turin 10128, Italy. (4)Unit of Immunology, Rheumatology, Allergy and Rare Diseases, IRCCS Ospedale  San Raffaele and Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan, Italy. (5)Internal Medicine Unit, IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute and Division  of Immunology, Transplantation & Infectious Diseases, Milan 20132, Italy. (6)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, Rheumatology Unit,  University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (7)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, Rheumatology Unit,  University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy. (8)Department of Clinical and Molecular Sciences, Polytechnic University of  Marche, Torrette di Ancona, Italy and SOS Immunologia delle Malattie Rare e dei  Trapianti, AOU delle Marche. (9)Internal Medicine Unit, IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute and Division  of Immunology, Transplantation & Infectious Diseases, Milan 20132, Italy;  Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan 20100, Italy. (10)Department of Medical, Surgical and Health Sciences, University of Trieste,  Trieste, Italy; Centre for Inflammatory Diseases, Monash University Department  of Medicine, Monash Medical Centre, Melbourne, Australia. Electronic address:  giacomo.emmi@units.it. (11)U.O.C Medicina Interna, Ospedale di Civitanova Marche, Italy.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Padua, Padua, 35131, Italy. (2)CNR Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Monterotondo, Rome, 00015,  Italy. (3)Department of Women's and Children's Health, University of Padova, Padua,  35128, Italy. (4)Pediatric Research Institute, Padua, 35127, Italy. (5)Department of Medical Biotechnology and Translational Medicine (BIOMETRA),  University of Milan, Milan, Italy. (6)Department of Physics and Astronomy "G. Galilei", University of Padua, Padua,  35131, Italy. (7)Department of Molecular Medicine, University of Padua, Padua, 35121, Italy. (8)CNR Istituto Officina Dei Materiali, Area Science Park Basovizza, S.S. 14, Km  163,5, Trieste, 34149, Italy.
Plain Language Summary: Glioblastoma is the most aggressive form of brain cancer  in adults. It grows quickly, spreads through the brain, and is very hard to  treat. A major challenge is that current therapies often fail to stop the  tumor’s growth or prevent its return.This study explores a new approach using a  laboratory-made antibody called abEC1.
Author information: (1)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical  Sciences, Department of Rheumatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University,  Shanghai, 200032, China. (2)Institutes of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200032, China. (3)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical  Sciences, Department of Rheumatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University,  Shanghai, 200032, China. dmeng@fudan.edu.cn. (4)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical  Sciences, Department of Rheumatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, 130  Dongan Rd, Building 7, Room 205, Shanghai, 200032, China. dmeng@fudan.edu.cn. (5)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical  Sciences, Department of Rheumatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University,  Shanghai, 200032, China. zhixiuling@fudan.edu.cn. (6)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical  Sciences, Department of Rheumatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, 138  Yixueyuan Rd, P.O.Box: 219, Shanghai, 200032, China.
Author information: (1)Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, School of Medicine,  College of Medicine, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (2)Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Shuang-Ho Hospital,  Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taiwan. (3)Department of Neurology, Wan Fang Hospital, Taipei Medical University,  No.111, Sec. 3, Xinglong Rd., Wenshan Dist, Taipei City, 116, Taiwan. (4)Taipei Neuroscience Institute, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (5)School of Respiratory Therapy, College of Medicine, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (6)Division of Pulmonary Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Shuang Ho  Hospital, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taiwan. (7)Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Taipei Medical University  Hospital, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (8)Department of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (9)Department of Psychiatry, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (10)Departamento de Enfermería y Fisioterapia, Universidad de Salamanca,  Salamanca, 37007, España. (11)Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca (IBSAL), Salamanca, 37007,  España. (12)Unidad de Investigación en Atención Primaria de Salamanca (APISAL),  Salamanca, 37005, España. (13)Red de Investigación en Cronicidad, Atención Primaria y Promoción de la  Salud (RICAPPS), Madrid, España. (14)Department of Neurology, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (15)Department of Neurology, Wan Fang Hospital, Taipei Medical University,  No.111, Sec. 3, Xinglong Rd., Wenshan Dist, Taipei City, 116, Taiwan.  jowytani@tmu.edu.tw. (16)Taipei Neuroscience Institute, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan.  jowytani@tmu.edu.tw. (17)Department of Neurology, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. jowytani@tmu.edu.tw. (18)Ph.D. Program in Medical Neuroscience, Taipei Medical University, Taipei,  Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study has obtained the written informed consent of the  subjects and was conducted in accordance with the ethical principles of medical  research involving human subjects in the Helsinki Declaration. It has been  approved by the Biomedical Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of  Shandong Second Medical University. (No.KYLL20241008-42) Consent for  publication: Not applicable.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical  University, No.119, the West Southern 4Th Ring Road, Fengtai District, Beijing,  100070, China. (2)National and Local Joint Engineering Research Center of Biodiagnosis and  Biotherapy, The Second Affiliated Hospital, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an,  Shaanxi, 710004, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study protocol was approved by the Ethics Commission of  Universitas Padjadjaran (No.32/UN6.KEP/EC/2023) after obtaining the required  permit for the research.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval: The research  adhered to the Code of Ethics of the World Medical Association (Declaration of  Helsinki) for studies involving human subjects. The project was approved by  Mansoura University board of ethics with code R.24.10.2856.R1.R1.
Author information: (1)Department of Public Health, School of Health Sciences, Soroti University,  P.O Box 211, Soroti, Uganda.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.F.W.
BACKGROUND: Chemoresistance remains a pivotal challenge in the clinical  management of breast cancer. A systematic dissection of global research trends,  evolutionary hotspots, and emerging frontiers in this field is imperative for  advancing therapeutic strategies. METHODS: Relevant literature on breast cancer chemoresistance from 1994 to 2024  was retrieved from the Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) database of the  Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). Bibliometric analysis was conducted  using Co-Occurrence (COOC 14.5), CiteSpace (6.1.R6), and R software (v4.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.S. is a scientific  cofounder and paid consultant of BlueRock Therapeutics Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.v.L. is currently  consulting for NIRx Medical Technologies LLC/GmbH.
Copyright © 2025 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study  of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of  Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Departamento de Ciencias de la Rehabilitación, Universidad de La Frontera,  Temuco, Chile. (2)Departamento de Cirugía, Universidad de La Frontera, Temuco, Chile. (3)Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Granada, Granada, Spain  luciaoc@ugr.es. (4)PAIDI BIO-277, Department of Physiotherapy, Faculty of Health Sciences,  University of Granada, Granada, Spain. (5)A02-Cuídate, Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs.GRANADA, Granada,  Spain.
Author information: (1)Department of Dermatology, Allergy, and Venerology, University of Lübeck,  Lübeck, Germany. (2)Unit of Dermatology and Skin Research Laboratory, Galilee Medical Center,  Nahariya, Israel. (3)Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed, Israel. (4)Lübeck Institute of Experimental Dermatology, University of Lübeck, Lübeck,  Germany. (5)Comprehensive Center for Inflammation Medicine, University-Hospital  Schleswig-Holstein, Lübeck, Germany. (6)TriNetX, LLC, Cambridge, MA, USA. (7)Biomedical Informatics Group Artificial Intelligence Department, E.T.S.I.  Informáticos, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Sociedad Española de Anatomía Patológica. Publicado por  Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Colorado  Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO. (2)RNA Bioscience Initiative, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus,  Aurora, CO. (3)Barbara Davis Center for Diabetes, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical  Campus, Aurora, CO. (4)Diabetes Institute, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL. (5)Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, College of Medicine, University  of Florida, Gainesville, FL. (6)Biological Sciences Division, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory,  Richland, WA. (7)Oxford Centre for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metabolism, National Institute  for Health and Care Research Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, Churchill  Hospital, Radcliffe Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, U.K. (8)Department of Immunology and Microbiology, University of Colorado Anschutz  Medical Campus, Aurora, CO.
Conflict of interest statement: B.M.C.
OBJECTIVE: (s): To assess the effect of medication use during immune checkpoint  inhibitor (ICI) therapy on treatment response and oncologic outcomes. METHODS: An IRB-approved single-institution retrospective cohort study was  performed in patients with endometrial cancer (EC) and cervical cancer (CC) who  were treated with ICIs from January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2023. Concomitant  medications used during the ICI course were recorded. The associations between  medication use and ICI response, progression-free survival (PFS), and overall  survival (OS) was assessed. RESULTS: 217 CC and EC patients were treated with ICIs during this study period;  32 % (n = 71) had CC, and 67 % (n = 146) had EC. There was a significant  difference in ICI complete response between CC patients who did and did not use  oral steroids during treatment. Of CC patients who achieved a complete response,  28 % (n = 7) used steroids vs. 13.6 % (n = 6) of non-steroid users (Fisher's  exact p = 0.045). In patients with EC, proton pump inhibitor (PPI) use was  associated with ICI response, with 43.8 % (n = 21) of PPI users achieving a  complete response vs. 16.3 % (n = 15) of non-PPI users (chi-squared p = 0.002).  PPI use in the EC cohort was associated with improved progression-free survival  and overall survival (log-rank p < 0.05). This was also demonstrated among  mismatch repair-deficient EC patients where PPI use during ICI therapy  significantly associated with both PFS (HR 0.26, 95 % CI 0.12-0.55; p < 0.001)  and OS (HR 0.22, 95 % CI 0.08-0.59; p < 0.001).Conclusion(s)In this  retrospective cohort study of EC and CC patients treated with ICI therapy,  medication use, specifically PPIs and oral steroids, was seen to have a  significant positive effect on ICI response, PFS, and OS.
Conflict of interest statement: J.K.J.
BACKGROUND: The role of supplemental parenteral nutrition (SPN) following  pancreatoduodenectomy (PD) in the context of an enhanced recovery program is  unexplored. This study aimed to determine whether SPN is superior to early oral  feeding alone in reducing postoperative complications. METHODS: This pragmatic, multicenter, randomized controlled, trial, across five  centers in Italy, enrolled patients aged 18-89 years undergoing open PD for  cancer. We excluded patients with an American Society of Anaesthesiology  physical status >3 and a preoperative body weight loss of ≥15%. Patients were  randomly assigned (1:1) postoperatively to either SPN from day 1 to 5 or no-SPN.  All patients were free to begin oral feeding after the operation as desired in  the context of a full enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) program. The  primary outcome was morbidity burden, measured using the comprehensive  complication index (CCI). Secondary outcomes included the overall rate of  morbidity. Outcomes were assessed up to 90 days postoperatively. Overall, 120  patients per group were required to achieve 80% power and detect at least 30%  reduction in the CCI in the SPN group, which was expected to be 23 (median)  (interquartile range 21-31). The expected complication rate was 60%, and the  type I error rate was set at 5%. Registration at ClinicalTrials.gov  (#NCT04438447). FINDINGS: From June 1, 2022, to December 20, 2023, 405 patients were screened  for eligibility and 254 patients were randomly allocated to control (no-SPN; n =  129) or treatment (SPN; n = 125) group. All patients were included in the  primary and secondary outcome analysis according to the intent-to-treat  principle. The median CCI was 20.9 in both arms (median difference 0 [95% CI:  -1.07 to 1.7]). The proportion of patients with at least one complication (CCI  >0) was similar in both groups [(29.6% vs 29.2%; risk difference 0.4 (95% CI  -11.1 to 7.0)]. The overall 90-day morbidity was 67.4% and 63.2% in the no-SPN  arm and SPN arm groups, respectively [risk difference -4.2 (95% CI -16.7 to  8.2)]. In high nutritional risk patients (nutritional risk score ≥3), SPN was  not protective against the primary outcome when compared with low-risk patients  [OR 1.16 (95% CI 0.71-1.91)]. INTERPRETATION: In an ERAS program emphasizing early postoperative oral feeding,  SPN does not affect outcome measures, even in patients at high nutritional risk.  However, these results do not apply to severely malnourished patients or with  critical comorbidities. FUNDING: The Italian Society for Artificial Nutrition and Metabolism (SINPE) and  Baxter Italia S.p.A (Rome, Italy).
Conflict of interest statement: This study was funded by the Department of  Defense, Translational Team Science Award (W81XWH-20-1-0512, Initiating  principal investigator [PI]: AS) and partially supported by the Department of  Defense, Translational Team Science Award (W81XWH-20-1-0513, Partnering PI: AMD;  W81XWH-20-1-0514, Partnering PI: MFA). Additional support was provided by the  American Association for the Study of Liver Disease (AASLD) Foundation Early  Career Investigator Award in Clinical/Translational Science; GSK (The Liver  Meeting [TLM] 2023, Boston, MA); the resources and facilities of the Durham VA  Medical Center; the Cooperative Studies Program Epidemiology Center (CSPEC) at  the Durham VA Medical Center; and the GI Clinical Research Units at Duke  University. AS serves as Collaborative Professor at Kanazawa University and  maintains ongoing research collaboration with the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration/National Center for Toxicological Research.
STUDY QUESTION: What is the diagnostic yield and the pre-testicular sperm  extraction (TESE) prognostic value of a non-obstructive azoospermia  (NOA)-specific virtual gene panel? SUMMARY ANSWER: The diagnostic yield in our cohort was 6.1%, and by combining  our data with published literature, we identified 11 genes compatible with  testicular sperm production and 19 genes associated with no sperm retrieval in  carriers of pathogenic (P) or likely pathogenic (LP) mutations. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Azoospermia, the most severe form of male infertility,  affects ∼1% of the male population, with TESE being the primary treatment  option. However, in NOA, TESE fails in nearly 50% of cases and existing clinical  parameters are unable to predict TESE failure. Over the past decade,  next-generation sequencing (NGS) has identified several candidate NOA genes, but  their diagnostic utility and impact on TESE outcomes have not been fully  explored. STUDY DESIGN SIZE AND DURATION: A literature search was addressed to identify  well-established NOA genes for designing a specific virtual gene panel for NOA.  Our retrospective study analysed the diagnostic yield of the NGS-based virtual  gene panel, comprising 145 genes, in 571 men affected by idiopathic NOA with  known TESE outcomes. Subsequently, a second literature search was performed to  identify carriers of LP/P variants in the genes where we identified mutations,  focusing on individuals with known TESE outcomes. This approach allowed us to  integrate the published data with our findings and predict a genotype-phenotype  correlation between the affected genes and TESE success. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS SETTINGS METHODS: 571 NOA patients with known TESE  outcomes were recruited in two European and one Middle East centres. Variants  were obtained from a whole-exome sequencing dataset and crossed with the 145  genes of the virtual gene panel. After a filtering process, variants were  manually assessed and classified according to ACMG guidelines by using two  methods: (i) In order to compare our data with previously published studies, we  applied ACMG-AMP guidelines along with ClinGen recommendations used by other  similar studies. (ii) A new approach was used to optimize ACMG-AMP guidelines  with all ClinGen recommendations and incorporated NOA-specific rules addressing  phenotypic, locus, and allelic heterogeneity. LP and P variants were confirmed  by Sanger sequencing. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: By using the new variant classification  approach adapted for NOA, we identified LP/P variants in 6.1% of patients, with  a higher yield (9.4%) in cases with negative TESE outcomes and maturation arrest  (11.7%). By integrating our findings with the literature, we highlight 19 genes  recurrently associated with negative TESE outcomes and 11 genes associated with  positive sperm retrieval either in the testis or in semen. TESE is recommended  for patients with LP or P variants in the 11 specific genes. Notably, six of  these genes are located on the X chromosome, therefore, these variants will be  obligatorily transmitted to daughters, and potentially increase the risk of  NOA-related infertility in male offspring. We observed that nine genes, in which  we identified LP/P variants, have been previously described in individuals with  premature ovarian insufficiency (POI). Of these, eight were associated with  negative TESE outcomes in men. Furthermore, we propose seven additional genes  mutated in our cohort of NOA patients as novel POI candidates. These genes have  not yet been considered as POI candidates, but they result in female infertility  when knocked out in mouse models. LARGE SCALE DATA: LP/P variants have been submitted to ClinVar  (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/clinvar/). LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: NOA is genetically heterogeneous, and our panel  excludes those genes which were reported only in a single subject or single  family. Although this can limit the diagnostic yield in our study, it ensures  that only genes with clear relationship with NOA have been analysed. While in  our cohort TESE outcomes are known for all patients, this information is often  not available for mutation carriers in the published studies. Consequently, the  total number of patients with P variants in the same gene remains relatively  low, limiting our final conclusions. However, even if the number of carriers of  genes associated with positive sperm retrieval is relatively low, it does not  constrain our conclusions regarding TESE prediction. On the other hand, caution  is warranted for genes linked to negative TESE outcomes, except for TEX11,  SYCE1, and MSH4, each of which have 10 or more reported TESE-negative cases. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our study was performed on the largest  available NOA cohort with known TESE outcomes. It not only provides an estimate  on the diagnostic potential of a NOA-specific virtual gene panel, but it also  advances the understanding of genetic factors influencing TESE outcomes. Half of  the genes mutated in our study and presenting TESE-positive outcomes are already  informative for clinical decision-making. The observed genotype-phenotype  correlations may help in personalized decision-making prior to TESE, in order to  undergo the procedure or to avoid unnecessary invasive treatment. It provides  valuable insights that can inform clinical management strategies and potentially  offer personalized treatments based on genetic profiles. The use of two  different variant classification methods highlights that previous studies may  have over-estimated the diagnostic yield, underscoring the need for a  standardized variant classification approach addressed specifically to male  infertility. Our study also emphasizes the overlap between NOA- and  POI-associated genes, which has important clinical implications for genetic  counselling of female siblings of affected individuals. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: This work was funded by the Spanish Ministry  of Health Instituto Carlos III-FIS FONDOS FEDER (grant numbers PI20/01562 and  PI23/00425) and the Fanconi Research Fund awarded to C.K. and A.R.-E.
Author information: (1)Department of Precision Medicine in Medical, Surgical and Critical Care,  University of Palermo, Palermo, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical and Dental Sciences and Morphofunctional Imaging,  University of Messina, Messina, Italy. (3)Unit of Oral Medicine and Dentistry for Frail Patients, Department of  Rehabilitation, Fragility, and Continuity of Care, Regional Center for Research  and Care of MRONJ, University Hospital Palermo, Palermo, Italy. (4)Department of Biomedicine, Neuroscience and Advanced Diagnostics (Bi.N.D),  University of Palermo, Palermo, Italy.
The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Society for  Radiotherapy and Oncology.
BACKGROUND: Understanding the reasons for delays in leaving hospital once an  in-patient is considered ready for discharge is important to inform the  development of interventions to improve patient flow through resource-stressed  healthcare systems. AIMS: To identify risk factors for delayed discharge from hospital during the  COVID-19 pandemic. METHODS: The study population was all patients admitted with COVID-19 infection  from February 2020 to September 2021 to a large UK teaching hospital. RESULTS: Data were available from 7929 admission events with a median delay of  0.20 days from being considered medically safe for discharge and the discharge  date. Age older than 60 years (+2.23 days), White ethnicity (+1.58 days compared  to SE Asian), living in an area of increased affluence (+0.13 days per decile  decrease in deprivation) and having two or more comorbidities (+1.82 days;  compared to no comorbidities) were associated with delayed discharge.There was a  total potential saving of over 22,000 bed-days if all patients had been  discharged when they were considered medically safe.
Author information: (1)Department of Emergency Medicine, MacKay Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (2)Department of Emergency Medicine, Saint Paul's Hospital, Taoyuan, Taiwan. (3)Institute of Biomedical Engineering, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu,  Taiwan. (4)Department of Artificial Intelligence and Medical Application, MacKay Junior  College of Medicine, Nursing, and Management, Taipei, Taiwan. (5)School of Medicine, College of Medicine, MacKay Medical University, New  TaipeiCity, Taiwan. (6)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Taipei Veterans General  Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (7)Ph.D. Program of Medical Biotechnology, Taipei Medical University, Taipei,  Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: Atsushi Kawakami received research funding from  AYUMI Pharmaceutical Co., Celltrion Healthcare Japan K.K., Gilead Sciences Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations of interest: A.J.G.
Federated learning of causal estimands may greatly improve estimation efficiency  by leveraging data from multiple study sites, but robustness to heterogeneity  and model misspecifications is vital for ensuring validity. We develop a  Federated Adaptive Causal Estimation (FACE) framework to incorporate  heterogeneous data from multiple sites to provide treatment effect estimation  and inference for a flexibly specified target population of interest. FACE  accounts for site-level heterogeneity in the distribution of covariates through  density ratio weighting. To safely incorporate source sites and avoid negative  transfer, we introduce an adaptive weighting procedure via a penalized  regression, which achieves both consistency and optimal efficiency. Our strategy  is communication-efficient and privacy-preserving, allowing participating sites  to share summary statistics only once with other sites. We conduct both  theoretical and numerical evaluations of FACE and apply it to conduct a  comparative effectiveness study of BNT162b2 (Pfizer) and mRNA-1273 (Moderna)  vaccines on COVID-19 outcomes in U.S. veterans using electronic health records  from five VA regional sites.
Bone defect repair is a complex physiological process, starting with early  modulation by the inflammatory immune system, and involves multiple  physiological events, including angiogenesis, osteogenic differentiation, and  mineralization. Biomaterial can regulate inflammatory responses through relevant  immune cells in the local immune microenvironment of the implant-bone interface  which is a hot topic in the field of regenerative medicine. Currently, Mg2+  regulates immune cells in the bone microenvironment to promote osteogenesis and  angiogenesis mainly focuses on macrophages,but there is relatively little  research on T cells.At the same time, the effective delivery and release of Mg2+  remains a challenge.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Statement The authors  listed below have provided the following conflict of interest statements: BR -  B.R. is a cofounder of Arima Genomics and Epigenome Technologies CW - The Wu  laboratory holds or has patent filings pertaining to imaging and has held a  sponsored research agreement with Bruker Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: B.E.E.
Point-of-use diagnostics based on allosteric transcription factors (aTFs) are  promising tools for environmental monitoring and human health. However,  biosensors relying on natural aTFs rarely exhibit the sensitivity and  selectivity needed for real-world applications, and traditional directed  evolution struggles to optimize multiple biosensor properties at once. To  overcome these challenges, we develop a multi-objective, machine learning  (ML)-guided cell-free gene expression workflow for engineering aTF-based  biosensors. Our approach rapidly generates high-quality sequence-to-function  data, which we transform into an augmented paired dataset to train an ML model  using directional labels that capture how aTF mutations alter performance. We  apply our workflow to engineer the aTF PbrR as a point-of-use diagnostic for  lead contamination in water. We tune the sensitivity of PbrR to sense at the  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) action level for lead and modify the  selectivity away from zinc, a common metal found in water supplies.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest The authors declare the  following competing financial interest(s): M.C.J.
Int J Gen Med. 2025 Aug 27;18:4763-4783. doi: 10.2147/IJGM.S519184.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest N.R. London receives  research funding from Merck Sharp & Dohme, LLC, regarding HPV-related sinonasal  carcinomas not relevant to the present manuscript.
Author information: (1)Center for MR Research, University Children's Hospital Zurich, 8032 Zurich,  Switzerland. (2)Department of Forensic and Neurodevelopmental Sciences, Institute of  Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience, King's College, London WC2R 2LS, U.K. (3)Asociación Científica Psicodélica, 35412 Canary Islands, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: On behave of the corresponding and co-authors, I  would like to declare that we have no conflict of interest on this  manuscript.The authors declare that they have no known competing financial  interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the  work reported in this paper.
BACKGROUND: Substance use significantly contributes to disease burden among  Australians, with harms exacerbated among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander  peoples by colonisation-related factors like stigma and trauma. Addressing this  gap requires culturally acceptable, valid and reliable screening tools,  available in a familiar language to the participant, to identify and provide  support for those at-risk. This protocol describes a study aimed at validating a  culturally-adapted screening tool - the Alcohol, Smoking and Substance  Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) - into Pitjantjatjara, to detect risk of  substance-related harm. METHODS: Recruitment will occur at a variety of Aboriginal health and welfare  settings across remote, rural and urban South Australia. Eligible participants  (aged 18-65) will be briefed and, upon consent, randomly complete the ASSIST app  on an iPad and a semi-structured, yarning-style diagnostic interview (see  endnote 1) with a health professional and Pitjantjatjara interpreter. The  interview will assess for a range of clinically-defined substance use disorders  (based on DSM-5-TR and ICD-11 criteria). All participants will be asked to  complete the app a second time (between 7 and 28 days) to assess reliability,  while a subset of participants at highest-risk will also undergo specialist  evaluation from an independent clinician, as a second check for validity. DISCUSSION: Valid and reliable assessment tools are essential for detecting  risky and harmful substance use. If valid, this app has the potential to  contribute to community-led efforts to bridge the health gap by addressing  modifiable health risk factors. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ANZCTR: ACTRN12625000413426. Open Science Framework  pre-registration: https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/GNZAY.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest. G.P. has received an  honorarium as a speaker and/or an institutional research grant from GE  Healthcare, Bracco, Heartflow, Menarini, Novartis, Alexion, and Novo Nordisk.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interestsL.V.W.
Author information: (1)School of Medicine, Health Sciences Centre, University College Dublin,  Belfield, Dublin 4, Ireland. (2)UCD Conway Institute of Biomolecular & Biomedical Research, University  College Dublin, Belfield, Dublin 4, Ireland. (3)School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Cardiff University, Redwood  Building, King Edward VII Avenue, Cardiff, UK. (4)Leibniz-Institut für Polymerforschung Dresden e.V., 01069, Dresden, Germany.
Rheumatoid arthritis (RA), an autoimmune disease, severely impairs joint  function and mobility, causing pain, stiffness, and joint deformity. As an  active ingredient of ancient herbs and a widely studied polyphenol flavonoid  glycoside, quercetin has a historical use in the treatment of rheumatoid  arthritis. However, its low oral bioavailability and potential carcinogenic  effects limit its systemic use. Therefore, we propose an injectable  hydrogel-based targeted drug delivery system designed to respond to the  pathological environment of rheumatoid arthritis joints. This system controls  the release of anti-inflammatory drugs to promote joint repair. Low-temperature  atmospheric plasma (LTAP), characterized by high-energy properties, activates  the bioactivity of natural polyphenols.Utilizing LTAP to stimulate quercetin  into protocatechuic acid, we prepared an efficacious gel system by dynamically  coupling with poloxamer and sodium alginate.
Author information: (1)Department of Advanced Spectroscopy and Imaging, Centre of Biomedical  Research (CBMR), Lucknow 226014, Uttar Pradesh, India. (2)Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), Ghaziabad 201002,  India. (3)Department of Biochemistry, All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS),  Raebareli, Munshiganj, Raebareli 229405, U.P., India.
Author information: (1)School of Nursing, Yale University, New Haven, CT. (2)Research for Development (R4D) International, Yaoundé, Cameroon. (3)Center for Interdisciplinary Research on AIDS (CIRA), Yale University, New  Haven, CT. (4)School of Public Health, Yale University, New Haven, CT. (5)Gillings School of Global Public Health, University of North Carolina at  Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC. (6)Milken Institute School of Public Health, The George Washington University,  Washing D.C., USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, Helsinki University Hospital and University of  Helsinki, Finland. (2)Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, Sahlgrenska Academy at University of Gothenburg, Sweden. (3)Department of Neurology, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Gothenburg, Sweden. (4)Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Helsinki University Hospital and  University of Helsinki, Finland. (5)Department of Neurology, Amsterdam UMC, University of Amsterdam, the  Netherlands. (6)Department of Neurology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital and University  of Bern, Switzerland. (7)Sina Hospital, Hamadan University of Medical Science, Iran. (8)Department of Neurology, Royal Adelaide Hospital, Australia. (9)Neurosciences Department, Hospital Dr. R.A. Calderón Guardia, San José, Costa  Rica.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:H.A.M.
Responsible data sharing in clinical research can enhance the transparency and  reproducibility of research evidence, thereby increasing the overall value of  research. Since 2024, more than 5,000 journals have adhered to the International  Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) Data Sharing Statement (DSS) to  promote data sharing. However, due to the significant effort required for data  sharing and the scarcity of academic rewards, data availability in clinical  research remains suboptimal. This study aims to explore the impact of biomedical  journal policies and available supporting information on the implementation of  data availability in clinical research publications This cross-sectional study  will select 303 journals and their latest publications as samples from the  biomedical journals listed in the Web of Science Journal Citation Reports based  on stratified random sampling according to the 2023 Journal Impact Factor (JIF).  Two researchers will independently extract journal data-sharing policies from  the submission guidelines of eligible journals and data-sharing details from  publications using a pre-designed form from Apr 2025 to Dec 2025. The data  sharing levels of publications will be based on the openness of the data-sharing  mechanism. Binomial logistic regression analyses will be used to identify  potential journal factors that affect publication data-sharing levels. This  protocol has been registered in Open Science Framework (OSF) Registries:  https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/EX6DV.
Author information: (1)Division of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National Center for  Toxicological Research, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Jefferson, Arkansas,  United States of America.
Conflict of interest statement: This work was conducted with the internal  funding, NCTR protocol E0772101 and SSRP 2021 of U.S. Food and Drug  Administration, a U.S. government agency.
Author information: (1)Department of Advanced Biomedical Sciences, University of Naples "Federico  II", Italy; "Federico II" University Hospital, Naples, Italy. (2)Department of Translational Medical Sciences, University of Campania "Luigi  Vanvitelli", Naples, Italy; Division of Cardiology, A.O.R.N. "Sant'Anna e San  Sebastiano", Caserta, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.R.M.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. (2)Department of Computational Biomedicine, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los  Angeles, CA, USA. (3)Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics, Fu Foundation School  of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Columbia University, New York, NY, 10027,  USA. (4)Department of Pediatric Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA,  02215, USA. (5)Cancer Program, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA, 02142,  USA. (6)Cedars-Sinai Cancer, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (7)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.  Nicholas.Tatonetti@cshs.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: Open access funding  provided by SCELC, Statewide California Electronic Library Consortium. This work  was supported by a training grant from the U.S. National Library of Medicine  (UOG and KLB: T15-LM007079).
BackgroundThe stigma associated with migraine impacts patients' quality of life,  mental health and their willingness to seek treatment. The present study aimed  to gain insights into the stigma from the patient's perspective and to assess  migraine knowledge among people without the condition.MethodsThis  cross-sectional descriptive, quantitative study used two surveys (survey 1, open  April 2023 to July 2023; survey 2, September 2023 to November 2023).
BACKGROUND: Children's cognitive abilities play an important role throughout  their academic career, but recent studies highlight the negative impacts of  aggression, inattention, and impulsivity on academic success. These behaviors  and traits are central to most externalizing (EXT) and neurodevelopmental (NDD)  problems, which are substantially genetically influenced. We examined the  mechanisms by which high levels of genetic predispositions to EXT and NDD  problems associate with elevated mental health symptoms and subsequently lead to  lower levels of academic achievement in two developmental periods (i.e.,  childhood and adolescence). METHODS: Analyses were performed on a subset of participants from the Generation  R Study (N = 2,992) and the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children  (ALSPAC) (N = 5,099). Using structural equation modeling, we simultaneously  tested for indirect pathways between polygenic scores for externalizing and  neurodevelopmental problems (PGS-EXT and PGS-NDD) and academic achievement (age  12 in the Generation R Study and age 16 in ALSPAC) via children's symptomatology  for conduct, attention, social, and oppositional defiant problems reported by  mothers during early childhood (Generation R Study) and from childhood to  adolescence (ALSPAC study). Our models were adjusted for children's sex,  exposure to adversity, cognitive abilities, early school achievement (only in  ALSPAC), and genetic predisposition to educational attainment. RESULTS: In both cohorts, we found that higher levels of PGS-NDD were associated  with lower levels of academic achievement via higher attention problems. In  adolescence only, we found that higher levels of PGS-NDD and PGS-EXT were  associated with lower academic achievement via higher levels of conduct  problems. CONCLUSIONS: Genetic predispositions to EXT and NDD were indirectly associated  with academic achievement beyond the PGS for educational attainment,  highlighting the need for sustained efforts to support children with attention  problems in educational settings and to intervene on conduct problems,  particularly during adolescence. PRE-REGISTRATION NUMBER: Doi: 10.17605/OSF.IO/SQTJH.
Author information: (1)Eisai Co. Ltd. Kobe Research Laboratories, Kobe, Japan. (2)Research and Development Department, Cyfuse Biomedical K.K., Tokyo, Japan.
Plain Language Summary: Main findings: Older adults are not prioritised for  hospital referral in Harare, Zimbabwe as compared to their younger  counterparts.Added knowledge: This is the first study of its kind on healthcare  access amongst older adults in this area.Global health impact for policy and  action: This study draws attention to the possibility that older adults face  barriers to accessing hospital care, raising the importance of redoubling  efforts to orient healthcare systems in the region to the challenge of ageing  populations.
Author information: (1)Department of Biology, University of York, Wentworth Way, York, YO10 5DD,  U.K. (2)York Biomedical Research Institute, University of York, YO10 5DD, U.K. (3)Hull York Medical School, University of Hull, Hull, HU6 7RX, U.K. (4)York Structural Biology Laboratory, Department of Chemistry, University of  York, York, YO10 5DD, U.
Author information: (1)Key Laboratory of Biomedical Polymers of Ministry of Education & Department  of Chemistry, Wuhan University, Wuhan, 430072, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Medical Sciences and  Technologies, SR.C., Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All animal procedures were reviewed and approved by the  Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees (IACUC) at the University of  California at Los Angeles (UCLA) and the Greater Los Angeles Veterans Affairs  (GLAVA) Health Care System. The study was conducted in compliance with the  guidelines outlined in the National Institutes of Health Guide for the Care and  Use of Laboratory Animals. Approval for animal experimentation was granted under  UCLA IACUC Protocol ID: ARC-2019-073 and GLAVA IACUC Protocol: GOV.IRBNET  #1750389.
Author information: (1)Health Systems Research Unit, South African Medical Research Council, Cape  Town, South Africa. Bey-Marrie.Schmidt@mrc.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Physical Culture, Palacký University Olomouc, Třída Míru 117,  Olomouc, 771 11, Czech Republic. sunwoo.lee@upol.cz. (2)Department of Digital Technologies in Physical Activity, Poznań University of  Physical Education, Poznań, 61-871, Poland. (3)Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Tarsus University,  Mersin, 33400, Türkiye. (4)School of Health and Human Development, Universidade de Évora, Évora,  7004-516, Portugal. (5)COMETE U1075, Inserm, CYCERON, Université de Caen Normandie, Caen, 14000,  France. (6)HAVAE UR20217 Limoges University, Limoges, 87025, France. (7)School of Humanities, Social and Education Sciences, European University  Cyprus, Engomi, 2404, Nicosia, Cyprus. (8)Centre for the Interdisciplinary Study of Gerontology and Vulnerability,  University of Geneva, Genève, 1211, Switzerland. (9)Swiss Centre of Expertise in Life Course Research, LIVES Centre, Lausanne,  1015, Switzerland. (10)Department of Public Health Nursing, Akdeniz University, Antalya, 07058,  Türkiye. (11)Scientific Research İnstitute of Cardiology named after J.Abdullayev, Baku,  az1072, Azerbaijan.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was carried out at the radiation oncology ward of  Golestan Hospital (Ahvaz, Iran). The protocol was approved by the ethics  committee of Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences (Ref. No.  330099540, Ethics code: IR.AJUMS.REC.
Colistin resistance represents a mounting global health concern, particularly  alarming in the face of multidrug-resistant (MDR) and extensively drug-resistant  (XDR) bacterial infections. As a polymyxin-class antibiotic, colistin has long  served as a critical last-line defence against severe Gram-negative infections  caused by pathogens such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii, and  Klebsiella pneumoniae. However, its increasing and, at times, indiscriminate use  has driven the emergence of resistant strains, thereby compromising its clinical  utility.Mechanistically, colistin resistance arises from diverse genetic  adaptations that alter the bacterial outer membrane, diminishing the drug's  binding affinity.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Biology, Institute of Genetics and Biotechnology, University of  Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. michal.swirski@uw.edu.pl. (2)School of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University College Cork, Cork,  Ireland. jackt@ebi.ac.uk. (3)European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute  (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK. jackt@ebi.ac.uk. (4)Hospital del Mar Research Institute, Barcelona, Spain. (5)Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies, Barcelona, Spain. (6)Shemyakin-Ovchinnikov Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Moscow, Russia. (7)Belozersky Institute of Physico-Chemical Biology, Lomonosov Moscow State  University, Moscow, Russia. (8)School of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Faculty of Biological Sciences,  University of Leeds, Leeds, UK. (9)Leeds Omics, University of Leeds, Leeds, UK. (10)Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology, University of Leeds, Leeds,  UK. (11)School of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University College Cork, Cork,  Ireland. (12)Department of Human Genetics, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA. (13)University Hospital of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. (14)Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Lausanne, Switzerland. (15)Pacific Biosciences Research Center, University of Hawaii at Manoa,  Honolulu, HI, USA. (16)National Institute of Molecular Genetics, Milan, Italy. (17)University of Milan, Milan, Italy. (18)Department of Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences, University of Minnesota,  Saint Paul, MN, USA. (19)Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Tech,  Atlanta, GA, USA. (20)School of Computational Science and Engineering, Georgia Tech, Atlanta, GA,  USA. (21)Division of Virology, Department of Pathology, University of Cambridge,  Cambridge, UK. (22)Centre for Cardiovascular Sciences, Institute for Neuroscience and  Cardiovascular Research, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (23)University of Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. (24)Cancer Research Institute of the University of Sherbrooke (IRCUS),  Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. (25)International Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology in Warsaw, Warsaw,  Poland. (26)Regensburg Center for Biochemistry (RCB), University of Regensburg,  Regensburg, Germany. (27)Helmholtz Institute for RNA-Based Infection Research, Helmholtz Centre for  Infection Research (HIRI-HZI), Würzburg, Germany. (28)Human Technopole, Milan, Italy. (29)Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine,  University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (30)Pittsburgh Center for Evolutionary Biology and Medicine (CEBaM), School of  Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (31)University of California Berkeley, Berkeley, CA, USA. (32)Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Texas at Austin, Austin,  TX, USA. (33)Graduate Institute of Biochemistry, National Chung-Hsing University,  Taichung, Taiwan. (34)Department of Bioinformatics & Computational Biology, University of Texas MD  Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (35)Centre for Computational Biology, Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore,  Singapore. (36)Functional Proteomics team, Chester Beatty Laboratories, The Institute of  Cancer Research, London, UK. (37)Department of Chemistry & Biochemistry, University of Notre Dame, Notre  Dame, IN, USA. (38)University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (39)Department of Genetics, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT,  USA. (40)Department of Cellular, Computational and Integrative Biology (CIBIO),  University of Trento, Trento, Italy. (41)Centre de Recherche en Cancérologie de Lyon, Inserm U1052, CNRS UMR5286,  Université de Lyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon, Centre Léon Bérard, LabEx  Dev2CAN, Lyon, France. (42)Klaus Tschira Institute for Integrative Computational Cardiology,  Heidelberg, Germany. (43)German Center for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK) - partner site  Heidelberg/Mannheim, Heidelberg, Germany. (44)Department of Biomolecular Sciences, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot,  Israel. (45)Department of Cell Biology and Molecular Genetics, University of Maryland,  College Park, MD, USA. (46)Institute for Bioscience and Biotechnology Research, Rockville, MD, USA. (47)Faculty of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics, Lomonosov Moscow State  University, Moscow, Russia. (48)Faculty of Chemistry, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia. (49)Center of Life Sciences, Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology,  Moscow, Russia. (50)Department of Chemistry, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, USA. (51)Department of Biochemistry, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India. (52)University of Maryland Baltimore County, Baltimore, MD, USA. (53)Centre for Cancer Research, Hudson Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne,  Victoria, Australia. (54)Monash Proteomics and Metabolomics Platform, Department of Medicine, School  of Clinical Sciences, Monash University, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (55)European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute  (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK. (56)Center for Integrative Genomics, University of Lausanne, Lausanne,  Switzerland. (57)Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Barcelona Institute of Science and  Technology, Barcelona, Spain. (58)Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain. (59)Centre for Reproductive Health, Institute for Regeneration and Repair,  University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (60)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Johns Hopkins University School of  Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. (61)Department of Biology, University of York, York, UK. (62)York Structural Biology Laboratory, University of York, York, UK. (63)York Biomedical Research Institute, University of York, York, UK. (64)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Thomas Jefferson  University, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (65)Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association  (MDC), Berlin, Germany. (66)Charite - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany. (67)Helmholtz Institute for Translational AngioCardioScience (HI-TAC) of the Max  Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association (MDC) at  Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany. (68)German Center for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK) - partner site Berlin,  Berlin, Germany. (69)Institute for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Hamburg,  Hamburg, Germany. (70)Division of Rheumatology, Inflammation and Immunity, Brigham and Women's  Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (71)Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (72)RNA Systems Biochemistry Laboratory, Pioneering Research Institute, RIKEN,  Wako, Japan. (73)Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of  Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Kashiwa, Japan. (74)School of Biology and Environmental Science, University College Dublin,  Dublin, Ireland. (75)Department of Molecular Physiology and Biological Physics, University of  Virginia, Charlottesville, VA, USA. (76)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Virginia,  Charlottesville, VA, USA. (77)Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. (78)Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts  Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA. (79)Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. (80)New York Structural Biology Center, New York, NY, USA. (81)Institute of Cytology & Genetics, Novosibirsk, Russia. (82)Computational Biology Branch, Division of Intramural Research, National  Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (83)RNA Therapeutics Institute, University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (84)Faculty of Biology, Institute of Genetics and Biotechnology, University of  Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. (85)Institute of Protein Research, Russian Academy of Sciences, Pushchino,  Russia. (86)Vavilov Institute of General Genetics, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow,  Russia. (87)Institute for Cardiovascular Physiology, Goethe University Frankfurt,  Frankfurt, Germany. (88)German Center for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK), Partner Site Rhein-Main,  Frankfurt, Germany. (89)Cardio-Pulmonary Institute (CPI), Goethe University Frankfurt, Frankfurt,  Germany. (90)RNA Molecular Biology, Université libre de Bruxelles, Gosselies, Belgium. (91)Fonds de la Recherche Scientifique (F.R.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.-R.C. is on the  scientific advisory board of ProFound Therapeutics.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.M.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Y.S. and T.C. have filed a  patent in the China National Intellectual Property Administration (patent no.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurosurgery, Shenzhen Second People's Hospital, The First  Affiliated Hospital of Shenzhen University Health Science Center, Shenzhen,  518035, P.R. China.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.G.B.
Bone Jt Open. 2025 Sep 2;6(9):1013-1021. doi:  10.1302/2633-1462.69.BJO-2025-0050.R1.
DOI: 10.1302/2633-1462.69.BJO-2025-0050.
Author information: (1)Department of Entomology, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA; U.S.  Daniel K.
Numerous studies have shown a link between short and long-term exposure to air  pollution and a wide range of illnesses. Although the etiology of these  illnesses has been identified, modifiable risk factors remain unclear.  Furthermore, exposure to environmental toxins does not necessarily result in  illness for all individuals. However, the global incidence of diseases linked to  air pollution continues to rise, driven by proximity to industrial areas and  increasing traffic emissions. This study analyzed air quality data from two  monitoring stations: one in an industrial area Ranipet and the other in a  high-traffic zone Vellore in India. The study examines the incidence of  respiratory diseases, total of 3549 patients were screened and introduces a  novel approach revealing the statistical behavior of air concentrations for  priority pollutants such as PM2.5, PM10, NOx, SO2, CO, O3, NH3 and overall AQI  value of Tamil Nadu, India.Both stations observed high ambient air pollutants  pollutant concentrations from January 2020 to January 2024.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI,  USA. Electronic address: nemichae@umich.edu. (2)Department of Molecular Medicine, Scripps Research, La Jolla, California,  USA. Electronic address: hswahn@scripps.edu. (3)Laboratory of Molecular Neuro-Oncology, Rockefeller University, New York, NY,  USA; Department of Medicine, Division of Rheumatology, Hospital for Special  Surgery, New York, NY, USA. Electronic address: dorange@rockefeller.edu. (4)Department of Neuroscience and Center for Advanced Pain Studies, University  of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX, USA. Electronic address:  joseph.lesnak@utdallas.edu. (5)Department of Neuroscience and Center for Advanced Pain Studies, University  of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX, USA. Electronic address:  Theodore.Price@utdallas.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmaceutical Technology, Faculty of Pharmacy of the  University of Coimbra, University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal; REQUIMTE/LAQV,  Group of Pharmaceutical Technology, Faculty of Pharmacy of the University of  Coimbra, University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (2)Basinnov Life Sciences, Avenida José Malhoa, Ed. Malhoa Plaza, n° 2 3° Piso,  Escritório 3.7, 1070-325 Lisboa, Portugal. (3)Molecular Oncology and Viral Pathology Group, Research Center of IPO Porto  (CI-IPOP)/RISE@CI-IPOP (Health Research Network), Portuguese Oncology Institute  of Porto (IPO Porto)/Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center (Porto.CCC), Rua Dr  António Bernardino de Almeida, 4200-072 Porto, Portugal; School of Medicine and  Biomedical Sciences, Fernando Pessoa University, 4249-004 Porto, Portugal;  FP-I3ID, FP-BHS, Universidade Fernando Pessoa, Praça 9 de Abril, 349, 4249-004  Porto, Portugal.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: L.V.A.B.—Consultant and  speaker for Boston Scientific, Medtronic, ZOLL, Biosense Webster.
Conflict of interest statement: C.J.M.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Medical Technology Assessment  (KEMTA), Maastricht University Medical Center+ (MUMC+), P.O. Box 5800, 6202, AZ,  Maastricht, The Netherlands.
BackgroundCell-based therapies to regenerate native-like cartilage are limited  by the inability to re-express zone-specific molecules. While monolayer-expanded  (passaged) chondrocytes are a clinically approved cell source, the resulting  tissues have reduced Proteoglycan-4 (PRG4) expression. This may be due to poor  attachment, slow proliferation, and dedifferentiation of superficial zone  chondrocytes (SZC) on polystyrene. Optimizing expansion conditions is therefore  critical. Chondrocyte-derived decellularized extracellular matrix (CD-ECM) has  been shown to enhance proliferation and reduce dedifferentiation of  full-thickness chondrocytes, but its effect on SZC remains unknown. We tested  the hypothesis that culturing SZC on CD-ECM would improve attachment,  proliferation, and reduced dedifferentiation, enabling formation of  PRG4-expressing tissue.MethodsPrimary bovine SZC were seeded on polystyrene or  CD-ECM.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Signal Transduction and Metabolism Laboratory, Université libre de Bruxelles,  Brussels, B-1070, Belgium; VIB-VUB Center for Structural Biology, Vlaams  Instituut voor Biotechnologie, Brussels, B-1050, Belgium; Structural Biology  Brussels, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels, B-1050, Belgium; Brussels Center  for Redox Biology, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels, B-1050, Belgium. (2)Leibniz Institute for Analytical Sciences, ISAS e.V., Dortmund, 44139,  Germany.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Human Health Sciences, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto  University, Kyoto, Japan. (2)Department of Epidemiology, Boston University School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA. (3)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Plain Language Summary: In this nationwide cohort study which applied  machine-learning causal forest to a target trial emulation framework to  investigate heterogeneous treatment effects of sodium-glucose cotransporter  inhibitors (SGLT2i), a substantial number of individuals were predicted to  benefit from SGLT2i. The treatment benefit was more strongly predicted by  individual patient characteristics, including blood pressure, body-mass index,  and fasting plasma glucose, than by overall CVD risk score, highlighting the  importance of considering its benefit beyond the conventional risk  stratification approach. Key Findings:The effect of SGLT2i on cardiovascular  outcomes was heterogeneous. A substantial number of individuals were predicted  to benefit from SGLT2i, and they were likely to have higher blood pressure, body  mass index, and fasting plasma glucose levels.The effectiveness of SGLT2i  correlated weakly with overall cardiovascular risk.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Human and Animal Rights and  Informed Consent: No animal or human subjects by the authors were used in this  study. Competing interests: DB is a co-inventor on US patent applications  2025/0084489 and 2022/0136063. PMC is a former founder and shareholder of DGTL  Health B.V. and currently receives consultancy fees from the company.
AimTo evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of non-invasive vagus nerve  stimulation (nVNS) as acute or preventive treatment, or both, in a cohort of  trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia (TAC) patients.MethodsA service evaluation  retrospectively included patients with TACs between January 2014 and February  2025 who had used, or currently use, nVNS.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: N.B. reports speaker fees  from Abbott and Medtronic and a grant from Biotronik, not related to this  submitted work.
The author traces the evolution of Seoul National University Hospital (SNUH) and  its predecessors, focusing on their transformation from the 1960s to the 1980s.  Starting as an impoverished governmental hospital of a postcolonial country, it  grew into a major South Korean biomedical corporation with many faculty members  with American training, a new main building with the latest technologies, and a  larger independent budget supported by the National Health Insurance (NHI).  However, this evolution accompanied multiple issues stemming from overcrowding,  which resulted in short and skimpy consultations, a poor environment, staff  exploitation, and various minor crimes. Yet the crowds in the hospital assisted  young doctors' training and some faculty members' research. The author explains  this complexity by analyzing the American aid's legacy alongside the NHI's  roles. This explains the limitations to the U.S. attempt to shape Korea's  medicine amid its state-driven industrialization and health insurance evolution  under a military dictatorship, which partly reflected the colonial heritage.
Conflict of interest statement: F. Mahfoud has been supported by Deutsche  Forschungsgemeinschaft (SFB TRR219, Project-ID 322900939), and Deutsche  Herzstiftung. Saarland University has received scientific support from Ablative  Solutions, Medtronic, and ReCor Medical. Until May 2024, F. Mahfoud received  speaker honoraria/consulting fees from Ablative Solutions, AstraZeneca, Inari  Medical, Medtronic, Merck, Novartis, Philips, and ReCor Medical. D.E. Kandzari  has received institutional research/grant support from Biotronik, Boston  Scientific, Cardiovascular Systems, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: One or more of the authors has declared the  following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: This research was  supported by grant 5P50AR060752-02 from the National Institute of Arthritis.  C.B.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. U.C. reports  receiving a scholarship from the Royal Thai Government outside the submitted  work.
Plain Language Summary: In this study, we investigated the characteristics,  management, and outcomes of patients with and without congestive heart failure  (CHF), in a real-world cohort of patients with a recent diagnosis of atrial  fibrillation (AF).Using the data of the GLORIA-AF Registry Phase III, we found  that CHF was present in one out five patients with a recent diagnosis of AF.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: G.F.R.
Bone Joint J. 2025 Sep 1;107-B(9):858-861. doi:  10.1302/0301-620X.107B9.BJJ-2025-0546.
Bone Joint J. 2025 Sep 1;107-B(9):973-978. doi:  10.1302/0301-620X.107B9.BJJ-2025-0059.R1.
DOI: 10.1302/0301-620X.107B9.BJJ-2025-0059.
Bone Joint J. 2025 Sep 1;107-B(9):950-956. doi:  10.1302/0301-620X.107B9.BJJ-2024-0981.R2.
DOI: 10.1302/0301-620X.107B9.BJJ-2024-0981.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Ya. C., Islamic Azad University, Yazd,  Iran; Joint Reconstruction Research Center, Tehran University of Medical  Sciences, Tehran, Iran; Department of Bioengineering, University of California,  Los Angeles, CA, USA. Electronic address: Ma.Mahmoodi@iau.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonisation is commonplace among healthy  individuals, yet the immune mechanisms enabling bacterial persistence remain  unclear. S. aureus drives local immunosuppression during nasal colonisation to  facilitate persistence. This study reveals that S. aureus subverts microRNA-21  activity to promote IL-10 production within nasal tissue, while simultaneously  impeding local pro-inflammatory responses. MiR-21 activity helps establish a S.  aureus-induced immunosuppressive microenvironment which supports S. aureus  persistence. Macrophages, which are key IL-10 producers, rapidly upregulate  miR-21 upon S. aureus exposure.MiR-21 expression also coincides with an increase  in intracellular survival of S.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Guangdong Key Laboratory of Biomedical Measurements and Ultrasound Imaging,  School of Biomedical Engineering, Shenzhen University Medical School, Shenzhen  University, Shenzhen, 518060, China. (2)Institute of Chemistry, The Islamia University of Bahawalpur,  Baghdad-ul-Jadeed Campus, Bahawalpur, 63100, Pakistan. (3)Centre of Excellence in Solid State Physics, University of Punjab, Lahore,  54590, Pakistan. (4)Department of Chemical Engineering Technology, College of Applied Industrial  Technology, Jazan University, Jazan, 45142, Saudi Arabia. Electronic address:  mehtishamkhan1@gmail.com. (5)Department of Chemical Engineering Technology, College of Applied Industrial  Technology, Jazan University, Jazan, 45142, Saudi Arabia. (6)Department of Physical Sciences, Chemistry Division, College of Science,  Jazan University, P.O. Box 114, Jazan, 45142, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia;  Nanotechnology Research Unit, College of Science, Jazan University, P.O. Box  114, Jazan, 45142, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Copyright © 2025. Published by Elsevier España S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval and consent to  participate: Only deidentified patient data from Optum Clinformatics® Data Mart  database were used in this study and may be considered exempt. The study was not  submitted to an Institutional Review Board approval for review. Consent for  publication: Not applicable. Clinical trial number: Not applicable. Competing  interests: TS reports research grants from AstraZeneca, Sanofi, GlaxoSmithKline  and receives personal fees from Verona Pharma, GlaxoSmithKline, and Apogee  Therapeutics for advisory work. SS has received research grants (to his  institution) from Chiesi, AstraZeneca, and Sanofi-Regeneron; has received  royalties from Wolters Kluver Health; and has received consulting fees or  honoraria from AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Chiesi, GlaxoSmithKline,  Nuvaira, and Pulmonx. EW has served on a scientific advisory board for Verona  Pharma; EW also receives research grant funding from the U.S. Department of  Veterans Affairs (outside the current work).
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The research was carried out in compliance with the Helsinki  Declaration ( https://www.wma.net/policies-post/wma-declaration-of-helsinki/ ).  Also, the Birjand University of Medical Sciences (BUMS) ethical committee  approved this project with code: IR.BUMS.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Aliabadi  reported being an employee of Pfizer Inc and owning Pfizer stock. Dr Skaarup  reported receipt of personal fees for advisory board membership from Sanofi and  travel support for congress participation from AstraZeneca. Dr Claggett reported  receipt of personal fees for consulting from Alnylam, Cardior, Cardurion,  Cytokinetics, CVRx, Intellia, Rocket, Lilly, and Alexion. Dr Pareek reported  receipt of personal fees for advisory board membership and/or speaker fees from  AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Janssen-Cilag, and Novo Nordisk and  grants from the Danish Cardiovascular Academy and the Danish Heart Foundation.  Dr Køber reported receipt of speaker honoraria from Novo Nordisk, Novartis,  AstraZeneca, and Boehringer Ingelheim. Dr Solomon reported receipt of grants to  his institution from Alexion, Alnylam, Applied Therapeutics, AstraZeneca,  Bellerophon, Bayer, BMS, Boston Scientific, Cytokinetics, Edgewise,  Eidos/BridgeBio, Gossamer, GSK, Ionis, Lilly, the National Institutes of  Health/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, Novartis, Novo Nordisk,  Respicardia, Sanofi Pasteur, Tenaya, Theracos, and US2.AI and personal fees from  Abbott, Action, Akros, Alexion, Alnylam, Amgen, Arena, AskBio, AstraZeneca,  Bayer, BMS, BridgeBio, Cardior, Cardurion, Corvia, Cytokinetics, GSK, Intellia,  Lilly, Novartis, Roche, Theracos, Quantum Genomics, Tenaya, Sanofi Pasteur,  Dinaqor, Tremeau, CellProThera, Moderna, American Regent, Sarepta, Lexicon,  Anacardio, Akros, Valo, Synhale, and Recordati.
Conflict of interest statement: P.M.C.
BACKGROUND: Although qualitative research is vital to healthcare, it remains  underused in medical academia.This study therefore aims to examine in depth the  perceptions of medical faculty academics without prior experience in conducting  qualitative research, the challenges they face, and the potential contributions  of these methods to health research.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.T. and L.K. are currently  employed by and have share options in BioAge Labs.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: Washington  University and D.D.L.
Author information: (1)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, University of Navarra,  Pamplona, Spain. (2)IdiSNA, Navarra Institute for Health Research, Pamplona, Spain. (3)Biomedical Research Networking Center for Physiopathology of Obesity and  Nutrition (CIBEROBN), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (4)Department of Nutrition, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston,  MA, United States.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests D.A.N.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Research Institute, BIOMED, Hasselt University, UHasselt, 3590  Diepenbeek, Belgium. (2)Department of Psychiatry, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine,  Baltimore, MD, USA. (3)Laboratory of Translational Immunomodulation, VIB Center for Inflammation  Research (IRC), Hasselt University, 3590 Diepenbeek, Belgium. (4)Department Psychiatry and Neuropsychology, European Graduate School of  Neuroscience, Mental Health and Neuroscience Research Institute, Division of  Translational Neuroscience, Maastricht University, Maastricht, Netherlands. (5)Dynamic Bioimaging Lab, Advanced Optical Microscopy Center, Biomedical  Research Institute, Hasselt University, Hasselt, Belgium. (6)Mechanobiology & Biomaterials Group, CIRMAP, Research Institute for  Biosciences, University of Mons, 7000 Mons, Belgium. (7)Radiobiology Unit, Nuclear Medical Applications Institute, Belgian Nuclear  Research Centre (SCK CEN), Mol, Belgium. (8)Laboratory of Molecular Regulation of Neurogenesis, GIGA Institute, ULiège,  C.H.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: M.B. received speaker’s  fees from Biotronik, Abbott, and Boston Scientific and small consultant fees  from Biotronik, Boston Scientific, and Microport.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg, Mölndal,  Sweden. (2)R&D Unit, Amprion Inc., San Diego, California, USA. (3)Department of Clinical Science, Neurosciences, Umeå University, Umeå, Sweden. (4)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Mölndal,  Sweden. (5)Paris Brain Institute, ICM, Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne University,  Paris, France. (6)Neurodegenerative Disorder Research Center, Division of Life Sciences and  Medicine, and Department of Neurology, Institute on Aging and Brain Disorders,  University of Science and Technology of China and First Affiliated Hospital of  USTC, Hefei, P.R. China.
J Zhejiang Univ Sci B. 2025 Aug 25;26(8):713-739. doi: 10.1631/jzus.B2500021.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding support and author disclosures Dr  Avvisato has received research grant by the CardioPath program from Federico II  University of Naples, Italy. Dr Fiordelisi is supported by agreement between  CEINGE-Biotecnologie Avanzate Franco Salvatore S.C. a R.L. and Federico II  University of Naples.
Author information: (1)Department of Nutrition, School of Public Health, University of São Paulo,  São Paulo, Brazil. (2)Department of Nutrition, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston,  MA, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Physics, The University of Texas at Arlington, Arlington, TX,  United States of America. (2)School of Engineering & Computer Science, Baylor University, Waco, TX, United  States of America. (3)Division of Imaging, Diagnostics, and Software Reliability, U.S. Food and  Drug Administration, Silver Spring, MD, United States of America.
Objectives. Monte Carlo (MC) simulation remains the gold standard for modeling  complex physical interactions in transmission and emission tomography, with  graphic processing unit (GPU) parallel computing offering unmatched  computational performance and enabling practical, large-scale MC applications.  In recent years, rapid advancements in both GPU technologies and tomography  techniques have been observed. Harnessing emerging GPU capabilities to  accelerate MC simulation and strengthen its role in supporting the rapid growth  of medical tomography has become an important topic. To provide useful insights,  we conducted a comprehensive review of state-of-the-art GPU-accelerated MC  simulations in tomography, highlighting current achievements and underdeveloped  areas.Approach.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest D.M.G is a  consultant for Verastem, a shareholder in Johnson & Johnson, Bristol Myers  Squibb, and Procter & Gamble, receives royalties from Elsevier and UpToDate, and  personal fees from CTAC (NCI).
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
LC-MS/MS method for quantifying the HIV-1 broadly neutralizing antibody PGT  121.414.LS in human serum.
Quantitation of human immunodeficiency virus-1 (HIV-1) broadly neutralizing  antibodies (bNAbs) in human serum is required for clinical trials investigating  the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and drug interactions of these  treatments. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is gaining  interest as an alternative to ligand binding for therapeutic antibody  quantitation in serum. We report the validation of a method using nonspecific  purification and targeted LC-MS/MS to quantify PGT 121.414.LS (a bNAb in  development for HIV-1 prevention and treatment) in human serum.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)International Ph.D. Program in Innovative Technology of Biomedical  Engineering and Medical Devices, Ming Chi University of Technology, New Taipei  City 243303, Taiwan; Research Center for Intelligent Medical Devices, Ming Chi  University of Technology, New Taipei City 243303, Taiwan.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Cardiology, Cardiovascular and Thoracic Department, "Citta della  Salute e della Scienza" Hospital, Turin, Italy; Department of Medical Sciences,  University of Turin, Turin, Italy. (2)Interventional Unit, San Luigi Gonzaga University Hospital, Orbassano  (Turin), Italy; Interventional Cardiology Unit, Rivoli Infermi Hospital, ASLTO3  Rivoli, Turin, Italy. (3)Division of Cardiology, Cardiovascular and Thoracic Department, "Citta della  Salute e della Scienza" Hospital, Turin, Italy. Electronic address:  ovidio.defilippo@gmail.com. (4)Ospedale Maria Vittoria, Turin, Italy. (5)S.C. Cardiologia, Ospedale S.G. Bosco, ASL Città di Torino, Turin, Italy.
Author information: (1)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine (H.R.C.
Author information: (1)IRCCS Ospedale Galeazzi - Sant'Ambrogio, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences for Health, University of Milan, Milan,  Italy. (3)Department of Medicine, Surgery and Health Sciences, Orthopedics and  Traumatology Unit, University of Trieste, Trieste, Italy. (4)Clinical Orthopaedics Department of Clinical and Molecular Sciences,  Università Politecnica delle Marche, Ancona, Italy. (5)IRCCS INRCA, Ancona, Italy. (6)Department of Orthopaedics, Shalby Hospital, Jaipur, India. (7)Department of Orthopedics Surgery, A.O.U.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Neurology Unit, University  of Brescia, Brescia, Italy. andrea.morotti@unibs.it. (2)Department of Continuity of Care and Frailty, Neurology Unit, ASST Spedali  Civili Brescia University Hospital, Brescia, Italy. andrea.morotti@unibs.it. (3)Department of Neuroradiology (CCM), Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin,  Campus Mitte, Humboldt-Universität Zu Berlin, Freie Universität Berlin, Berlin  Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany. (4)Department of Neurology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical  University Hefei, Hefei, China. (5)U.O. Neurologia Vascolare, ASST Spedali Civili Di Brescia, Brescia, Italy.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The content is solely the  responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official  views of NIH or the Department of Veterans Affairs or the United States  Government. The MGH Translational Research Center has a clinical research  support agreement (CRSA) with Axoft, Neuralink, Neurobionics, Paradromics,  Precision Neuro, Synchron, and Reach Neuro, for which LRH provides consultative  input. L.R.H.
Copyright © 2025 Japanese Society for Investigative Dermatology. Published by  Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests N.G.I.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures G.J.R.
Author information: (1)Vanderbilt Eye Institute (S.G.), Vanderbilt University Medical Center,  Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Neonatology, University of California  San Diego & Rady Children's Hospital, UK. (2)Department of Neonatology and Pediatric Intensive Care Medicine, University  Medical Center Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim, Germany. (3)Department of Neonatology, Royal Hospital for Children, Glasgow, UK.  Electronic address: Neil.Patel3@nhs.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Molecular and Evolutionary Parasitology, School of Natural  Sciences, University of Kent, Canterbury, Kent, UK. Electronic address:  A.Tsaousis@kent.
Author information: (1)School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern Medical University, 1023 Shatai  Road, Guangzhou 510515, China (H.S., W.Y., L.L.); Division of Nuclear Medicine  and Molecular Imaging, Geneva University Hospital, CH‑1211 Geneva, Switzerland  (H.S., A.S., Y.S., C.E.D.
Author information: (1)Cardiff University Brain Research Imaging Centre (CUBRIC), Cardiff  University, Cardiff, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  chandlerhl1@cardiff.ac.uk. (2)Cardiff University Brain Research Imaging Centre (CUBRIC), Cardiff  University, Cardiff, United Kingdom; Department of Radiology, University of  California Davis Medical Centre Sacramento, CA, USA. (3)Department of Psychology, University of Bath, Bath. (4)Department of Respiratory Medicine, University Hospital Wales, Cardiff and  Vale University Health Board, USA. (5)The Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology & Radiological Science, Johns  Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA; Department of  Biomedical Engineering, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore,  MD, USA; F.M. Kirby Research Center for Functional Brain Imaging, Kennedy  Krieger Research Institute, Baltimore, MD, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: M.G. Park is employed by MetaCen  therapeutics Incorporation of Korea.
Author information: (1)Department of Surgical & Medical Sciences (DIMEC,) Alma Mater  Studiorum-University of BolognaOperative Unit of Microbiology, The Great Romagna  Hub Laboratory, Pievesestina, Italy. (2)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC), Alma Mater  Studiorum-University of Bologna, Anesthesia and Intensive Care Unit, Cesena  Hospital, AUSL Romagna, Italy. Electronic address: vanni.agnoletti3@unibo.it. (3)Microbiology Unit, IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria of  BolognaDepartment of Medical and Surgical Sciences, Alma Mater  Studiorum-University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (4)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve  EmanueleInfectious Disease Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano,  Milan, Italy. (5)Microbiology and Diagnostic Immunology Unit, Bambino Gesù Children's  Hospital, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. (6)Anesthesia, Critical Care and Pain Medicine Division, Department of Medicine  and Surgery, University of Parma, Italy. (7)Anesthesia and Intensive Care Department, University Hospital of Modena,  University of Modena, Reggio Emilia, Italy. (8)Infectious Diseases Unit, Department for Integrated Risk Management, IRCCS  Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria di Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (9)AUSL Reggio Emilia IRCCS, Clinical Microbiology Laboratory, Reggio Emilia,  Italy. (10)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC), Alma Mater  Studiorum-University of Bologna, General Surgery Unit, Bufalini Hospital,  Cesena, Italy. (11)Department of Emergency, Anesthesiology and Intensive Care Medicine,  Fondazione Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli IRCCS, Largo "A.Gemelli" Rome,  Italy.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Molecular Neurobiology Laboratory, Dept. Biochemistry and Molecular  Biomedicine, Universitat de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain; CiberNed, Network  Center for Biomedical Research in Neurodegenerative Diseases, Spanish National  Health Institute, Madrid. Spain. Electronic address: rrivasbioq@gmail.com. (2)Phytoplant Research S.L.U, Córdoba, Spain.
OBJECTIVE: To compare temporal trends in suicide mortality among adolescents  (10-19) and young adults (20-29) by sex across the United States, Canada, and  South Korea from 2001 to 2023. METHODS: We analyzed national suicide mortality data from South Korea, the  United States, and Canada. Joinpoint regression was used to estimate average  annual percent changes (AAPCs) and annual percent changes (APCs) and) by age and  sex. RESULTS: Suicide rates declined or stabilized in the U.S. and Canada, except for  steady increases among Canadian adolescent females (AAPC = 2.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Physics, College of Science, Princess Nourah bint Abdulrahman  University, P.O. Box 84428, Riyadh 11671, Saudi Arabia.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: Biallelic pathogenic variants in the HPCA gene cause HPCA-associated  dystonia (DYT-HPCA), a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by  generalized dystonia and complex motor symptoms. HPCA encodes hippocalcin, a  Ca2+ sensor that modulates neuronal activity through K+ channel activation.  Here, we describe the clinical and molecular features of two children with novel  HPCA variants and assess the impact of deep brain stimulation (DBS) (globus  pallidus internus [Gpi]-DBS) on their movement disorders. METHODS: Two sisters with HPCA variants (c.91_98del/p.Tyr31Leufs14) were  evaluated.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval and consent to  participate: This project was approved by the Ethics Committee of the Citadelle  Hospital of Liège on Oct 19, 2023, with the reference number “JL/rc/2093”.  Written informed consent was not necessary for this cross-sectional  noninterventional study. We confirm that we have read the Journal’s position on  issues involved in ethical publication and affirm that this work is consistent  with those guidelines. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: S.D. reported disclosures as she was a consultant for Alexion,  Alnylam, Argenx, Biogen, Roche, UCB, Janssen Pharmaceuticals and Amikus.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing Interests: Y.E. Chen and  D.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Science, Pabna University of Science and  Technology, Pabna, 6600, Bangladesh. (2)Center of Excellence in Biotechnology Research, College of Applied Medical  Sciences, King Saud University, Riyadh, 11433, Saudi Arabia. (3)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Biological Science and Technology, Jessore  University of Science and Technology, Jessore, 7408, Bangladesh. (4)School of Optometry and Vision Science, University of New South Wales Sydney  NSW, Sydney, Australia. (5)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Neurobiology and Stem cells, Department of Cell and  Developmental Biology; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, University of São  Paulo, São Paulo, SP, Brazil. (2)Laboratory of Neurobiology and Stem cells, Department of Cell and  Developmental Biology; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, University of São  Paulo, São Paulo, SP, Brazil. marilenehl@usp.br. (3)Robarts Research Institute, The University of Western Ontario, London, ON,  Canada. (4)Program in Neuroscience, The University of Western Ontario, London, ON,  Canada. (5)Department of Microbiology, Immunology and Parasitology, Federal University  of Santa Catarina, Florianópolis, SC, Brazil. (6)LIM50, Division of Pathology, University of São Paulo School of Medicine, São  Paulo, SP, Brazil. (7)Department of Clinical and Toxicological Analyses, School of Pharmaceutical  Sciences, University of São Paulo, São Paulo, SP, Brazil. (8)Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein, São Paulo, SP, Brazil. (9)A.C. Camargo Cancer Center, Centro Internacional de Pesquisa, Sao Paulo, SP,  Brazil.
Author information: (1)Department of Physics, Shrimati Indira Gandhi College (Affiliated to  Bharathidasan University), Tiruchirappalli, 620 002, India. (2)Department of Physics, Arignar Anna Government Arts College (Affiliated to  Bharathidasan University), Musri, Tiruchirappalli, 621 021, India. (3)Faculty of Bioeconomics and Health Sciences, University Geomatika Malaysia,  54200, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. (4)Department of Physics, Arignar Anna Government Arts College (Affiliated to  Bharathidasan University), Musri, Tiruchirappalli, 621 021, India.  brsbala@rediffmail.com. (5)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, Taif University, P.O.Box 11099,  21944, Taif, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethics approval statements and consent to  participate: This study was focused conferring to the Declaration of Helsinki.  However, a printed informed consent form was delivered by the patients or close  relatives. Also, the categorizing data of patients was kept secret. This study  was approved by the Iran National Committee for Ethics in Biomedical Research  with the national ethical code IR.MAZUMS.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.B. has served as a  consultant and on advisory boards for AbbVie, AC Immune, ALZPath, AriBio,  BioArctic, Biogen, Eisai, Lilly, and Moleac Pte.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: R.G., A.G.A.
Conflict of interest statement: Two of the authors (J.L. and G.Z.) are  scientific researchers with the United Imaging Healthcare.
Author information: (1)From the Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences (M.D.O.
The prevalence of neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's disease (PD)  and Alzheimer's disease (AD) in the U.S. is expected to increase as the  population ages.
Author information: (1)School of Animal and Comparative Biomedical Sciences, University of Arizona,  Tucson, AZ, USA. (2)Produce Safety and Microbiology Research Unit, Agricultural Research Service,  U.S. Department of Agriculture, Albany, CA, USA.
Introduction . Campylobacter jejuni is the leading cause of bacterial  gastroenteritis worldwide. Infections with C. jejuni can result in two different  diarrhoeal manifestations in humans: watery diarrhoea or bloody/inflammatory  diarrhoea.Hypothesis/Gap Statement.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors have agreed with the contents of the  manuscript and reported that there are no financial interest to report. B.P. is  a member of the Editorial Board of the Journal of Medical Microbiology but did  not have any involvement in the peer-review process or decision of the  publication of the manuscript for the journal.
Euro Surveill. 2025 Aug;30(34):2500069. doi:  10.2807/1560-7917.ES.
BACKGROUNDToxoplasma gondii is a zoonotic protozoan capable of infecting  warm-blooded animal species and humans. Although toxoplasmosis presents mostly  as mild or asymptomatic infection in immunocompetent individuals, in unborn  children and people with weakened immune systems, the disease can be severe with  ocular, neurological or multi-systemic manifestations and even death.AIMWe aimed  to collate and analyse data on T.
DOI: 10.2807/1560-7917.ES.
INTRODUCTION: The growing challenge of antimicrobial resistance in Ethiopia and  itsprogression towards XDR and PDR has become a critical public health concern.  Therefore, thisreview determined the current state of emerging XDR and PDR  bacteria, including pre-XDR and XDR-TB, their contributing factors,  advancements, and future perspectives against drug-resistant bacteria, as well  as their implications for public health and insights for future research. METHODOLOGY: This review followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic  Reviews and Meta-Analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) guidelines.  A systematic search of all available literature was conducted using  PubMed/Medline, Scopus, EMBASE, Google Scholar, Hinari, Web of Science,  ScienceDirect, Cochrane Library, and African Journals Online databases.This  study included original articles published in English that reported XDR and PDR  bacteria, Pre-XDR-TB, and XDR-TBb without limit on the study period and  publication year.
Author information: (1)Brain and Mental Health Program, QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute,  Brisbane, QLD, Australia. Jodi.Thomas@qimrb.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.K.N.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.G.R.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.G. receives research  funds from IBM, Pharmacyclics–AbbVie, Bayer, Genentech, Calico, Ultima Genomics,  Inocras, Google, Kite and Novartis and is also an inventor on patent  applications filed by the Broad Institute related to MSMuTect, MSMutSig,  POLYSOLVER, SignatureAnalyzer-GPU, MSEye and MinimuMM-seq, and DLBclass.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of  Medicine, Miami, FL, USA. (2)Department of Medicine, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA,  USA. (3)Beevadoo e.U., Pfeifferhofweg 3b, Graz, Austria.
Author information: (1)Molecular Biology Unit, Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Medical Sciences,  Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India. (2)Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Center for Biomedical Research (ACBR), University of Delhi,  New Delhi, India.
Author information: (1)Duke-National University of Singapore Medical School, Singapore; National  Heart Research Institute Singapore, National Heart Centre, Singapore. (2)Christchurch Heart Institute, University of Otago Christchurch, New Zealand;  Department of Medicine, University of Otago, Christchurch, New Zealand. (3)Department of Cardiology, National University Heart Centre, Singapore;  Department of Medicine, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of  Singapore, Singapore. (4)Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia. (5)Sarawak Heart Centre, Kota Samarahan, Malaysia. (6)Clinical Research Centre, Sarawak General Hospital, Kuching, Malaysia. (7)Department of Cardiology, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, New South Wales;  Department of Cardiology, Blacktown Hospital, Sydney, New South Wales. (8)Heart, Vascular and Thoracic Institute, Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi, Abu  Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (9)Division of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Research Center, Department of  Internal Medicine, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan; Division  of Cardiology, Department of Internal Medicine, School of Medicine, College of  Medicine, Taipei Medical University Taipei, Taiwan; Taipei Heart Institute,  Taipei, Taiwan. (10)CAU Thrombosis and Biomarker Center, Chung-Ang University Gwangmyeong  Hospital, Gwangmyeong, South Korea; Department of Internal Medicine, Chung-Ang  University College of Medicine, Seoul, South Korea. (11)Department of Cardiology, Tenyoukai Central Hospital, Kagoshima, Japan. (12)Department of Cardiology, Sultanah Bahiyah Hospital, Malaysia. (13)Yonsei University College of Medicine and Cardiovascular Center, Yongin  Severance Hospital, Yongin, South Korea. (14)Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol  University in Bangkok, Thailand. (15)Taipei Heart Institute, Taipei, Taiwan; Shuang-Ho Hospital Cardiovascular  Center, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (16)Cardiology and Vascular Department, Tangerang District Hospital, Indonesia. (17)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo,  Japan; Department of Frontier Cardiovascular Science, The University of Tokyo,  Tokyo, Japan. (18)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea. (19)Siloam Heart Institute, Siloam Hospitals Kebon Jeruk, Jakarta, Indonesia;  Clinical Research Department of Siloam Group, Banten, Indonesia; Medical School  of Pelita Harapan University, Banten, Indonesia. (20)Division of Cardiology, Department of Internal Medicine, Faculty of  Medicine, Chiang Mai University, Chiang Mai, Thailand. (21)Department of Cardiology, Tengku Ampuan Afzan Hospital, Kuantan, Pahang,  Malaysia. (22)Division of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Research Center, Department of  Internal Medicine, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan; Taipei  Heart Institute, Taipei, Taiwan. (23)Heart Failure and Transplant Cardiology, King Chulalongkorn Memorial  Hospital, Thai Red Cross Society, Bangkok, Thailand. (24)Indonesia Medical Education and Research Institute, Cardiovascular Research  Center National Cardiovascular University Indonesia. (25)Siloam Hospitals Lippo Village, Tangerang, Indonesia; Universitas Pelita  Harapan, Tangerang, Indonesia. (26)Cardiovascular DiseasE National Collaborative Enterprise (CADENCE),  Singapore. (27)Clinical Research Malaysia (CRM), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. (28)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Kumamoto University, Kumamoto, Japan. (29)Division of Cardiology, Department of Internal Medicine, Taipei Veterans  General Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C; School of Medicine, National Yang-Ming  Chiao-Tung University, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C; Institute of Clinical Medicine,  National Yang-Ming Chiao-Tung University, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures In this  collaboration between the Center for Translational Cardiology and Pragmatic  Randomized Trials at the Department of Cardiology, Copenhagen University  Hospital–Herlev and Gentofte, University of Copenhagen, Denmark, and the private  vaccination provider Danske Lægers Vaccinations Service/European LifeCare Group  (ELCG), Center for Translational Cardiology and Pragmatic Randomized Trials acts  as trial sponsor and the central trial coordination site and is responsible for  the overall study design, conduct, registry-based recruitment and data  collection, and safety monitoring. DAN-RSV is funded by Pfizer Inc who  participated in the study design and protocol and statistical analysis plan  development, but had no responsibilities in trial conduct, data collection, or  data analysis. All Pfizer authors are employees of the company and may own  Pfizer stock. Dr Skaarup was financed by a research grant from the Danish  Cardiovascular Academy, which is funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation and the  Danish Heart Foundation (NNF20SA0067242); has served on advisory boards for  Sanofi; and has received travel support from AstraZeneca. Dr Claggett has  received consulting fees from Amgen, Cardurion, Corvia, Myokardia, and Novartis.  Dr Larsen has received speaker fees and served on advisory boards for  GlaxoSmithKline, Moderna, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Pfizer, Takeda, and Valneva. Dr  Køber has received speaker fees from Novo Nordisk, Novartis, AstraZeneca,  Boehringer Ingelheim, and Bayer. Dr Solomon has received research grants from  Actelion, Alnylam, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bellerophon, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb,  Celladon, Cytokinetics, Eidos, Gilead, GlaxoSmithKline, Ionis, Lilly, Mesoblast,  MyoKardia, National Institutes of Health/National Heart, Lung, and Blood  Institute, Neurotronik, Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Respicardia, Sanofi, Theracos,  and US2.AI; and has consulted for Abbott, Action, Akros, Alnylam, Amgen, Arena,  AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cardior,  Cardurion, Corvia, Cytokinetics, Daiichi Sankyo, GlaxoSmithKline, Lilly, Merck,  Myokardia, Novartis, Roche, Theracos, Quantum Genomics, Cardurion, Janssen,  Cardiac Dimensions, Tenaya, Sanofi, Dinaqor, Tremeau, CellProThera, Moderna,  American Regent, Sarepta, Lexicon, Anacardio, Akros, and Puretech Health.
BACKGROUND: Influenza vaccination rates remain suboptimal despite strong  evidence of benefit. Electronic letters emphasizing the cardiovascular benefits  of vaccination increased uptake in Denmark; whether this strategy is effective  in a diverse U.S. population is unknown.
Author information: (1)Clinical Pathology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde de Trás-os-Montes e  Alto Douro. Vila Real. Portugal. (2)Clinical Pathology Department. Instituto Português de Oncologia do Porto  Francisco Gentil. Porto. Portugal. (3)Hemato-Oncology Unit. Fundação Champalimaud. Lisbon. & NOVA Medical School.  NOVA University of Lisbon. Lisbon. Portugal. (4)Hematology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde São João. Porto. Portugal. (5)Clinical Hematology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde de Coimbra. Coimbra. &  Oncobiology and Hematology Laboratory. Faculdade de Medicina. Universidade de  Coimbra. Coimbra. & Centro Académico Clínico de Coimbra. Coimbra. Portugal. (6)Molecular Hematology Laboratory. Clinical Hematology Service. Unidade Local  de Saúde de Coimbra. Coimbra. Portugal. (7)Hematology and Bone Marrow Transplantation Service. Instituto Português de  Oncologia do Porto Francisco Gentil. Porto. Portugal. (8)Clinical Hematology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde Gaia e Espinho. Vila  Nova de Gaia. Portugal. (9)Laboratorial Genetics Department. Instituto Português de Oncologia do Porto  Francisco Gentil. Porto. Portugal. (10)Clinical Pathology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde Gaia e Espinho. Vila  Nova de Gaia. Portugal. (11)Clinical Hematology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde Trás-os-Montes e Alto  Douro. Vila Real/Chaves. Portugal. (12)Clinical Pathology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde de Coimbra. Coimbra.  Portugal. (13)Clinical Pathology Department. Instituto Português de Oncologia de Coimbra  Francisco Gentil. Coimbra. Portugal. (14)Hematology Department. Unidade Local de Saúde de Braga. Braga. Portugal. (15)Pathological Anatomy Department & Cancer Epigenetics and Biology Group.  Instituto Português de Oncologia do Porto Francisco Gentil. Porto. & Porto  Comprehensive Cancer Center Raquel Seruca (Porto.CCC) & RISE@CI-IPOP (Health  Research Network).
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, City University of Hong Kong, Hong  Kong, China. (2)Hong Kong Centre for Cerebro-Cardiovascular Health Engineering (COCHE), Hong  Kong, China. (3)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore,  Maryland, USA. (4)F.M. Kirby Research Center for Functional Brain Imaging, Kennedy Krieger  Research Institute, Baltimore, Maryland, USA.
Author information: (1)VIB Center for Inflammation Research, VIB, Ghent, Belgium.  Naga.Akula@irc.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: H.T. reports personal fees  from the Canadian Medical and Surgical Knowledge Translation Research Group and  LMC Healthcare for medical writing.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Amritapuri Campus,  Clappana P O, Kollam, Kerala, 690525, India. (2)Department of Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology, National Taipei  University of Technology, Taipei, 10608, Taiwan; International Graduate Program  in Energy and Optoelectronic Materials (EOMP), National Taipei University of  Technology, Taipei, 10608, Taiwan. (3)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, Northern Border University,  Arar, Saudi Arabia. (4)Department of Physics, College of Science, King Khalid University, P.O. Box  9004, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Department of Internal Medicine,  Landseed International Hospital, Taoyuan, Taiwan; Department of Biomedical  Sciences and Engineering, National Central University, Taoyuan, Taiwan. (2)Institute of Medicine, College of medicine, Chung Shan Medical University,  Taiwan; Department of Medical Research, Chung Shan Medical University Hospital,  Taichung, Taiwan. (3)Department of Allergy and Immunology, China Medical University Children's  Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan; Department of Medicine, College of Medicine, China  Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan; Center for Allergy, Immunology, and  Microbiome (A.I.M.
Copyright © 2025 Formosan Medical Association. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Surgery, Research Institute for Language Science and  Technology, University of Mons (UMons), Mons, Belgium; Faculty of Medicine and  Biomedical Science, University of Namur, Namur, Belgium; Department of  Otolaryngology, Elsan Hospital, Paris, France. (2)Department of Surgery, Research Institute for Language Science and  Technology, University of Mons (UMons), Mons, Belgium; Department of  Otolaryngology, Elsan Hospital, Paris, France. (3)Department of Surgery, Research Institute for Language Science and  Technology, University of Mons (UMons), Mons, Belgium; Department of  Otolaryngology Head Neck Surgery, CHU Saint-Pierre, Brussels, Belgium;  Department of Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery, Foch Hospital, School of  Medicine, UFR Simone Veil, Université Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines  (Paris Saclay University), Paris, France; Department of Otolaryngology, Elsan  Hospital, Paris, France. Electronic address: Jerome.Lechien@umons.
Author information: (1)Department of Pediatrics, Taoyuan General Hospital, Ministry of Health and  Welfare, Taoyuan, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests V.K.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests X.X., A.C., S.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests C.-R.X. has a patent  application related to this work.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests S.T. receives honoraria  from Merck, Ferring, and Novo Nordisk; is part of the consulting board for Novo  Nordisk; and is a recipient of research funding from Novo Nordisk.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: F.J.E.
Author information: (1)University of Florence, via di Santa Marta 3, Florence, 50139, Italy;  Imaginalis S.R.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: E.N.M.
Author information: (1)Biological Mision of Galicia (MBG) - Spanish Council for Scientific Research  (CSIC), Spain; Climate Research Foundation (FIC), Madrid, Spain; Spanish  Consortium for Biomedical Research in Epidemiology and Public Health (CIBER  Epidemiology and Public Health-CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain. Electronic address:  droye@mbg.csic.es. (2)Department of Statistics, Computer Science and Applications G. Parenti,  University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (3)Institute of Environmental Assessment and Water Research (IDAEA), Spanish  Council for Scientific Research (CSIC), Barcelona, Spain. (4)Department of Global Health Policy, Graduate School of Medicine, The  University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan. (5)Center for Climate Change Adaptation, National Institute for Environmental  Studies, Tsukuba, Japan. (6)Graduate School of Public Health, Seoul National University, Seoul, South  Korea. (7)Institute of Social and Preventive Medicine, University of Bern, Bern,  Switzerland; Oeschger Center for Climate Change Research, University of Bern,  Bern, Switzerland. (8)National Institute of Environmental Health, Chinese Center for Disease  Control and Prevention, Beijing, China; School of Public Health and Social Work,  Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia. (9)School of Epidemiology & Public Health, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Ottawa, Ottawa, Canada; Environmental Health Science and Research Bureau, Health  Canada, Ottawa, Canada. (10)Faculty of Environmental Sciences, Czech University of Life Sciences,  Prague, Czech Republic; Institute of Atmospheric Physics, Academy of Sciences of  the Czech Republic, Prague, Czech Republic. (11)Santé Publique France, Department of Environmental and Occupational Health,  French National Public Health Agency, Saint Maurice, France. (12)Department of Epidemiology, Lazio Regional Health Service, Asl Roma 1, Rome,  Italy. (13)Department of Epidemiology, Instituto Nacional de Saúde Dr. Ricardo Jorge,  Lisbon, Portugal. (14)Department of Epidemiology, Instituto Nacional de Saúde Dr. Ricardo Jorge,  Lisbon, Portugal; Environmental Health Department, National Institute of Health  Dr Ricardo Jorge, Porto, Portugal; EPIUnit - Instituto de Saúde Pública,  Universidade do Porto, Porto, Portugal; Laboratório para a Investigação  Integrativa e Translacional em Saúde Pública (ITR), Portugal. (15)Institute of Epidemiology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research  Center for Environmental Health (GmbH), Neuherberg, Germany; Doñana Biological  Station (EBD), Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Sevilla, Spain. (16)Department of Environmental Health, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public  Health, Harvard University, Boston, MA, USA.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: Data-driven decision-making is an implementation strategy to improve  system performance and health outcomes for individuals with substance use and  mental health needs interacting with criminal-legal systems. We currently have  limited understanding of how agencies define and use data in their  decision-making processes. A qualitative study was conducted with agency leaders  from jails, probation and parole, and community mental health and substance use  service agencies to characterize (1) how respondents defined data and data use,  (2) current level of data use for decision-making, (3) data capacity needs, and  (4) agency perspectives on best practices and their recommendations. METHODS: In-depth interviews were conducted with 68 mental health, substance  use, jail, and probation leaders from a representative group of 52 U.S. counties  from December 2020-March 2022.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The I.M. Stepping Up Study was approved by Michigan State  University Biomedical IRB.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All animal experiments were performed in compliance with applicable  international (EU Directive 2010/63) and national (e.g., Italian law D.L.  26/2014) laws, implementing the Directive of ethical committees and the Italian  Ministry of Health branch dealing with animal welfare.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics  Committee of Gonabad University of Medical Sciences in accordance with national  ethical guidelines for biomedical research in Iran (Approval ID:  IR.GMU.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: H.E.W.
Author information: (1)Centre for the Evaluation of Vaccination (CEV), University of Antwerp,  Antwerp, Belgium. Jade.Pattyn@uantwerpen.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.S.F.
Author information: (1)Division of Chest Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Taichung Tzu Chi  Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Kaohsiung Veterans General Hospital,  Kaohsiung, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Pediatrics, Taoyuan General Hospital, Ministry of Health and  Welfare, Taoyuan, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, University Hospital of Heraklion,  Heraklion, Greece. (2)Laboratory of Molecular and Cellular Pneumonology, School of Medicine,  University of Crete, Heraklion, Greece. (3)North West Lung Centre, Wythenshawe Hospital, Manchester University NHS  Foundation Trust, Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, Manchester, U.K. (4)Division of Immunology, Immunity to Infection and Respiratory Medicine,  School of Biological Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester, U.K. (5)Center for Immunology and Transplantation, BioMedical Research Foundation,  Academy of Athens, Athens, Greece.
Conflict of interest statement: The Authors report no conflicts of interest  directly related to this work. Alexander G. Mathioudakis reports honoraria from  GlaxoSmithKline and Sanofi, share options from Healthy Networks and  non-financial support from Verona Pharma. Nikos Tzanakis has attended advisory  board meetings and scientific consultancies for Boehringer Ingelheim,  GlaxoSmithKline, Menarini, Astra Zeneca, Pfizer. He is on the speakers’ bureau  of AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline, Menarini, Pfizer. Katerina Antoniou has  attended advisory board meetings and scientific consultancies for Boehringer  Ingelheim, F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, GlaxoSmithKline.
Author information: (1)Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Department of Internal  Medicine, China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA. (2)Psychology Division, U.S Department of Veterans Affairs New York Harbor  Healthcare System, New York, New York, 10010, USA.
Author information: (1)Advanced Technology Center for Aging Research and Geriatric Mouse Clinic,  IRCCS INRCA, Ancona, Italy. (2)Advanced Technology Center for Aging Research, IRCCS INRCA, Ancona, Italy. (3)Experimental Animal Models for Aging Unit, Scientific Technological Area,  IRCCS INRCA, Falconara Marittima (AN), Italy. (4)Laboratory of Experimental Biochemistry & Advanced Diagnostics, IRCCS  Ospedale Galeazzi-Sant'Ambrogio, Milan, Italy. (5)Cleara Biotech B.V, Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Author information: (1)National Public Health Laboratory, Ministry of Public Health, Cotonou 01 P.O.  Box 418, Benin.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Animal Research Center (LARC), Qatar University, Doha P.O. Box  2713, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: Author Panagiotis Pergantas is employed by  Bioapplications O.E., 32100 Livadia, Greece, which was part of the consortium of  the project described under “Funding”.
Background/Objectives: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) and diabetic kidney disease  (DKD) are growing public health challenges. While diet and body composition  influence metabolic and renal health, their combined role remains underexplored.  This study investigates the association between the Planetary Health Diet Index  (PHDI), body mass distribution, and the prevalence of CKD and DKD in U.S.  adults.
Author information: (1)Centre for Age-Related Medicine (SESAM), Stavanger University Hospital,  Armauer Hansens vei 30, 4011 Stavanger, Norway. (2)Department of Psychological Medicine, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and  Neuroscience, King's College London, Memory Lane, London S5 9NU, UK. (3)Department of Basic and Clinical Neuroscience, Maurice Wohl Clinical  Neuroscience Institute, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience,  King's College London, 125 Coldharbour Lane, London SE5 9NU, UK. (4)Doctoral School Biomedical Sciences, Katholieke Universiteit, Herestraat 49,  P.O. Box 700, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Laboratory Sciences, Faculty of Allied Medical  Sciences, Al-Ahliyya Amman University, Amman 19328, Jordan. (2)Department of Agricultural and Life Sciences, John W. Garland College of  Engineering, Science, Technology and Agriculture, Central State University,  Wilberforce, OH 45384, USA. (3)Department of Pharmaceutical Biotechnology, Faculty of Allied Medical  Sciences, Al-Ahliyya Amman University, Amman 19328, Jordan. (4)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, Abu Dhabi  University, Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 59911, United Arab Emirates.
Conflict of interest statement: D.T.G.
Author information: (1)Emanuel Institute of Biochemical Physics of Russian Academy of Sciences, 4,  Kosygina Str., Moscow 119334, Russia. (2)N.N. Blokhin National Medical Research Center of Oncology, 24, Kashirskoye  Sh.
Author information: (1)Division of Biochemistry, School of Life Sciences, Mysuru, JSS Academy of  Higher Education and Research, Mysuru 570015, Karnataka, India. (2)Department of Biochemistry, JSS Medical College, JSS Academy of Higher  Education and Research, Mysuru 570015, Karnataka, India. (3)I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University (Sechenov University),  119991 Moscow, Russia.
Author information: (1)International Ph.D. Program in Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)School of Health and Biomedical Sciences, RMIT University, P.O. Box 71,  Bundoora, Melbourne, VIC 3083, Australia.
Author information: (1)Medical Oncology Service, Virgen de las Nieves Hospital, 18016 Granada,  Spain. (2)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada (ibs.GRANADA), 18012  Granada, Spain.
Background: Hemiplegic migraine (HM) is a rare and severe subtype of migraine  with a complex genetic basis. Although pathogenic variants in CACNA1A, ATP1A2,  and SCN1A explain some familial cases, a significant proportion of patients  remain genetically undiagnosed. Increasing evidence points to an overlap between  migraine and cerebral small vessel disease (SVD), implicating vascular  dysfunction in HM pathophysiology. Objective: This study aimed to identify rare  or novel variants in genes associated with SVD in a cohort of patients  clinically diagnosed with HM who tested negative for known familial hemiplegic  migraine (FHM) pathogenic variants. Methods: We conducted a case-control  association analysis of whole exome sequencing (WES) data from 184 unrelated HM  patients. A targeted panel of 34 SVD-related genes was assessed. Variants were  prioritised based on rarity (MAF ≤ 0.05), location (exonic/splice site), and  predicted pathogenicity using in silico tools. Statistical comparisons to  gnomAD's Non-Finnish European population were made using chi-square tests.  Results: Significant variants were identified in several SVD-related genes,  including LRP1 (p.Thr4077Arg), COL4A1 (p.Pro54Leu), COL4A2 (p.Glu1123Gly), and  TGFBR2 (p.Met148Leu and p.Ala51Pro).
Conflict of interest statement: L.R.G.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interests/personal relationships, which may be considered as potential competing  interests: G.G. declares royalties and licenses from Zimmer Biomet, Innomed, and  Adler Ortho, and financial support for attending symposia and educational  programs from Zimmer Biomet.
Author information: (1)Federal Research Center for Innovator and Emerging Biomedical and  Pharmaceutical Technologies, Moscow 125315, Russia. (2)Moscow Clinical Scientific Center N.A. A.S. Loginov, Novogireevskaya Street,  Moscow 111123, Russia.
Author information: (1)A.N. Belozersky Institute of Physico-Chemical Biology, M.V. Lomonosov Moscow  State University, 119992 Moscow, Russia.
Author information: (1)V.N. Orekhovich Institute of Biomedical Chemistry, 10 Pogodinskaya St.
Conflict of interest statement: M.L.B.
Author information: (1)Regenerative Medicine and Cell Therapy Research Center, Kaohsiung Medical  University, No. 100, Shih-Chuan 1st Road, Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan. (2)Orthopaedic Research Center, College of Medicine, Kaohsiung Medical  University, Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan. (3)Department of Food Science, Yuanpei University of Medical Technology, Hsinchu  City 30015, Taiwan. (4)Department of Nursing, Asia University, Taichung 413, Taiwan. (5)Department of Orthopedics, Kaohsiung Municipal Siaogang Hospital, Kaohsiung  Medical University, Kaohsiung 812, Taiwan. (6)Department of Orthopedics, Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital, Kaohsiung  Medical University, Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan. (7)Department of Orthopedics, College of Medicine, Kaohsiung Medical University,  Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan. (8)Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Medicine, Kaohsiung  Medical University, Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)Pathology Unit, Department of Woman and Child's Health and Public Health  Sciences, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli IRCCS, Largo A.  Gemelli 8, 00168 Rome, Italy. (2)Pathology Institute, Catholic University of Sacred Heart, 00168 Rome, Italy. (3)Department of Medicine and Surgery, Kore University of Enna, 94100 Enna,  Italy. (4)Anatomic Pathology and Cytopathology Unit, G. Pascale Foundation National  Cancer Institute IRCCS, 80131 Naples, Italy. (5)Department of Diagnostics and Public Health, Section of Pathology, University  of Verona, 37134 Verona, Italy. (6)Department of Pathology, Umberto I Hospital, Largo Turati 62, 10128 Turin,  Italy. (7)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC), University of Bologna,  40138 Bologna, Italy. (8)Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milano, 20122  Milan, Italy. (9)Division of Pathology, IEO European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, 20141 Milan,  Italy. (10)Department of Pathology, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56,  20089 Rozzano, MI, Italy. (11)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi  Montalcini 4, 20072 Pieve Emanuele, MI, Italy. (12)Pathology Unit, Centro di Riferimento Oncologico di Aviano (C.R.O.
Association Between Serum per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances and Iron Status  Biomarkers in a Representative Sample of U.S. Adults: NHANES 2013-2018.
Author information: (1)Biomedical, Energy, and Materials Division, CFD Research Corporation, 6820  Moquin Drive NW, Huntsville, AL 35806, USA. (2)Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling, Office of Research and  Standards, Office of Generic Drugs, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research,  U.S. Food and Drug Administration, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD  20993, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Authors H.T.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Biophysics, Biomedicine and Neuroscience, Al-Farabi Kazakh  National University, Almaty A15E3C7, Kazakhstan. (2)Headache Research, Wolfson Centre for Age-Related Diseases, Institute of  Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, King's College London, London SE1 1UL,  UK. (3)Neuresta, Inc., San Diego, CA 91991, USA. (4)A.I. Virtanen Institute for Molecular Sciences, University of Eastern  Finland, 80101 Kuopio, Finland.
Conflict of interest statement: B.S. files two patent families on COVID-19  treatment (Memory T-cells as adoptive therapy for viral infection US18/246.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, University of  Catania, 95128 Catania, Italy. (2)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, University of Foggia, 71100  Foggia, Italy. (3)UOC Microbiologia e Virologia, Azienda Ospedaliera Bianchi-Melacrino-Morelli  di Reggio Calabria, 89121 Reggio Calabria, Italy. (4)S.C. Microbiologia Clinica ASST Grande Ospedale Metropolitano Niguarda, 20162  Milan, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: S.S. (Stefania Stefani), S.S. (Stefano  Stracquadanio), F.A., C.V., and L.P. declare that the research was conducted in  the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed  as a potential conflict of interest.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Cell Biology, Biomedical Center, Uppsala University,  75123 Uppsala, Sweden. (2)Diabetes Research Center, Qatar Biomedical Research Institute, Hamad Bin  Khalifa University, Qatar Foundation, Doha P.O. Box 34110, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: P.J.T.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.  The company Waters, S.A. de C.V., had no role in the design of the study; in the  collection, analyses or interpretation of data; in the writing of the  manuscript; or in the decision to publish the results.
Conflict of interest statement: J.S.-S.
Author information: (1)Diabetes Research Center, Qatar Biomedical Research Institute, Hamad Bin  Khalifa University, Qatar Foundation, Doha P.O. Box 34110, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: P.J.T.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Pharmacy, Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy, 6  Traian Vuia Street, 020956 Bucharest, Romania. (2)Molecular Toxicology Group, Department of Biology, University of Konstanz,  78457 Konstanz, Germany. (3)Human Performance Research Centre, Department of Sport Science, University of  Konstanz, 78457 Konstanz, Germany. (4)Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), 28029 Madrid, Spain. (5)Laboratory of the Molecular Bases of Ageing, Nencki Institute of Experimental  Biology, Polish Academy of Sciences, 3 Pasteur Street, 02-093 Warsaw, Poland. (6)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC), Alma Mater Studiorum,  University of Bologna, 40126 Bologna, Italy. (7)Alma Mater Research Institute on Global Challenges and Climate Change (Alma  Climate), University of Bologna, 40126 Bologna, Italy. (8)Department of Applied Nutritional Science/Dietetics, Institute of Nutritional  Medicine, University of Hohenheim, 70599 Stuttgart, Germany. (9)BioTeSys GmbH, Schelztorstr. 54-56, 73728 Esslingen, Germany. (10)Research Unit on Cellular Biology, University of Namur (URBC-NARILIS),  University of Namur, Rue de Bruxelles, 61, 5000 Namur, Belgium. (11)Research Institute for Biomedical Aging Research, Universität Innsbruck,  Rennweg, 10, 6020 Innsbruck, Austria. (12)Institute for Nutritional Sciences and Physiology, Private University for  Health Sciences, Medical Informatics and Technology (UMIT TIROL),  Eduard-Wallnöfer-Zentrum 1, 6060 Hall in Tyrol, Austria. (13)National Hellenic Research Foundation, Institute of Biology, Medicinal  Chemistry and Biotechnology, 116 35 Athens, Greece. (14)Medical School, University of Tampere, 33014 Tampere, Finland. (15)Section of Molecular Epidemiology, Leiden University Medical Centre, 2333 ZG  Leiden, The Netherlands. (16)Department of Gerontology and Geriatrics, Leiden University Medical Center,  2333 ZG Leiden, The Netherlands. (17)Centre for Health Protection, National Institute for Public Health and the  Environment, P.O. Box 1, 3720 BA Bilthoven, The Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following competing  financial interest(s): The following patent and provisional patent application  involve some of the authors who contributed to this publication and is related  to the current manuscript: Q.X., R.P. and A.S.D.
Conflict of interest statement: M.H. received grants and speaker honoraria from  GE HealthCare, a fund by the Alfred and Annemarie von Sick legacy, and a grant  from the clinical research priority program (CRPP) Artificial Intelligence in  Oncological Imaging Network of the University of Zurich.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, Section of Anatomy,  Histology and Movement Science, School of Medicine, University of Catania, Via  S. Sofia 97, 95123 Catania, Italy. (2)Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Neuroscience (LCMN), School of Life  Sciences, Faculty of Science, University of Technology Sydney, P.O. Box 123,  Broadway, Sydney, NSW 2007, Australia.
Conflict of interest statement: S.K. is a cofounder of AIMA Inc.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopedics, Dr.Soliman Fakeeh Hospital, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Centre Pasteur of Cameroon, 451 Rue 2005, P.O. Box 1274, Yaounde, Cameroon.
Author information: (1)Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Cardiovascular Research, Vienna, Austria. (2)Department of Internal Medicine II/Cardiology, Medical University of Vienna,  Vienna, Austria. (3)Center for Biomedical Research and Translational Surgery, Medical University  of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (4)Institute of Pharmacology and Toxicology, University of Veterinary Medicine,  Vienna, Austria. (5)Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Institute of Pharmaceutical  Sciences, University of Graz, Graz, Austria. (6)CeMM Research Center for Molecular Medicine of the Austrian Academy of  Sciences, Vienna, Austria. (7)Institute for Hygiene and Applied Immunology, Center for Pathophysiology,  Infectiology and Immunology, Medical University Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (8)Division of General Surgery, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (9)A.I. Virtanen Institute, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland.
Author information: (1)Regenerative Therapies (↑), Faculty of Biosciences and Public Health,  Universidad Especializada de las Américas (UDELAS), Panama City, Panama. (2)Regenerative Therapies (↓), Faculty of Medicine, Universidad de Panamá (UP),  Panama City, Panama. (3)Doctorate Program in Biosciences and Biotechnology, Faculty of Sciences and  Technology, Universidad Tecnológica de Panama (UTP), Panama City, Panama. (4)Department of Neuroscience and Regenerative Medicine, Medical College of  Georgia, Augusta University, Augusta, Georgia, United States of America. (5)SAVAL Laboratory S.A, Santiago, Chile.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: W. Rojas-Carabali, None; C.  Cifuentes-González, None; A. Utami, None; M. Agarwal, None; J.H. Kempen, None;  E.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study will be conducted in accordance with the principles of  the Helsinki Declaration Adopted by the 18th World Medical Assembly, Helsinki,  Finland, June 1964 updated to its latest version Fortaleza, Brazil, October 2013  (Appendix 17). With the Good Clinical Practice (GCP) standards issued by the  Working Party on Medicinal Product Efficacy of the European Economic Community  (1990) (CPMP/ICH/135/95) and the laws and regulations in force in Europe.  Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: MEMM has received  honoraria as consultant from Boehringer Ingelheim España SA. JM and JS have  filed a patent of the afatinib use to FA patients with HNSCC. J.S. has signed  agreements in the last 3 years (advisory boards, service provision, research  collaboration, or material transfer) with Boehringer Ingelheim, Glaxo Smith  Kline, Moderna Therapeutics, Roche, Rocket Pharmaceuticals and Pfizer.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests R.B., N.U., May Daher.
Author information: (1)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG),  The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, 88 Doctor Aiguader Street,  Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute, 88  Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Universitat  Autònoma de Barcelona (UAB), Plaça Cívica, Bellaterra (Cerdanyola del Vallès),  Barcelona, 08193, Spain. Electronic address: brodriguez@barcelonabeta.org. (2)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute,  88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Universitat  Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 10-12 Plaça de la Mercè, Barcelona, 08002, Spain. (3)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG),  The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, 88 Doctor Aiguader Street,  Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute, 88  Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain. (4)Department of Human Genetics, Radboud University Medical Center, 10 Geert  Grooteplein-Zuid, Nijmegen, 6525GA, Netherlands. (5)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute,  88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain. (6)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute,  88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Centro de  Investigación Biomédica en Red de Fragilidad y Envejecimiento Saludable  (CIBER-FES), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, 5 Avenida de Monforte de Lemos,  Madrid, 28029, Spain. (7)Roche Diagnostics GmbH, 2 Nonnenwald, Penzberg, 82377, Germany. (8)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, The Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, Mölndal, S-431  80, Sweden; Wallenberg Centre for Molecular Medicine, University of Gothenburg,  Gothenburg, S-413 45, Sweden; King's College London, Institute of Psychiatry,  Psychology and Neuroscience, Maurice Wohl Clinical Neuroscience Institute,  London, SE5 9RT, United Kingdom; NIHR Biomedical Research Centre for Mental  Health and Biomedical Research Unit for Dementia at South London and Maudsley  NHS Foundation, London, SE5 8AF, United Kingdom. (9)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, The Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, Mölndal, S-431  80, Sweden; Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, UCL Institute of Neurology,  London, WC1N 6BG, United Kingdom; UK Dementia Research Institute at UCL, London,  WC1N 6BG, United Kingdom; Hong Kong Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases, Units  1501-1502, 1512-1518, 15/F Building 17W, 17 Science Park West Avenue, Science  Park, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong; Wisconsin Alzheimer's Disease Research Center,  University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health, University of  Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, 53792, USA; Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory,  Sahlgrenska University Hospital, 31 Göteborgsvägen, Mölndal, S-431 80, Sweden. (10)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, 31  Göteborgsvägen, Mölndal, S-431 80, Sweden; Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, University of Gothenburg, Gothenburg, 405 30, Sweden; Paris Brain  Institute (ICM), Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne University, 47 Boulevard  de l'Hôpital, Paris, 75013, France; Neurodegenerative Disorder Research Center,  Division of Life Sciences and Medicine, and Department of Neurology, Institute  on Aging and Brain Disorders, University of Science and Technology of China and  First Affiliated Hospital of USTC, 96 Jinzhai Road, East Campus, Hefei, Anhui,  230026, China. (11)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain. (12)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG),  The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, 88 Doctor Aiguader Street,  Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Department of Medicine and Life Sciences,  Universitat Pompeu Fabra, 88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona,  08003, Spain; Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 23  Passeig Lluís Companys, Barcelona, 08010, Spain; Department of Experimental and  Health Sciences, Institute of Evolutionary Biology (CSIC-UPF), 37 Passeig  Marítim de la Barceloneta, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain. (13)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute,  88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Servei de  Neurologia, Hospital del Mar, 25-29 Passeig Marítim, Barcelona, 08003, Spain. (14)Barcelonaβeta Brain Research Center (BBRC), Pasqual Maragall Foundation, 30  Wellington Street, Barcelona, 08005, Spain; Hospital del Mar Research Institute,  88 Doctor Aiguader Street, Ciutat Vella, Barcelona, 08003, Spain; Centro de  Investigación Biomédica en Red de Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y Nutrición  (CIBEROBN), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, 3-5 Avenida de Monforte de Lemos,  Madrid, 28029, Spain; Fatty Acid Research Institute, Sioux Falls, SD, 57105,  USA. (15)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  School of Public Health 2, 677 Huntington Avenue, Boston, MA, 02115, USA;  Catalan Institute of Oncology (ICO)-Bellvitge Biomedical Research Center  (IDIBELL), Hospital Duran i Reynals, 199 Avinguda de la Granvia de l'Hospitalet,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08908, Spain.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: P.A. Roberts, None; C.N. Thomas,  None; G.
INTRODUCTION: Glioma is one of the most aggressive brain tumors, and its  interaction with inflammation has become an emerging research focus. Despite  increasing interest in the role of inflammation in glioma progression and  therapy, a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of this field is lacking. METHODS: We conducted a systematic bibliometric analysis of glioma and  inflammation research using the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). A total  of 4,553 publications from 2005 to 2025 were analyzed for research trends,  hotspots, key contributors, and emerging directions using CiteSpace and  VOSviewer. RESULTS: Our analysis revealed a significant increase in publications over the  past decade. From 2005 to 2025, a total of 4,553 papers related to glioma and  inflammation were published. Key contributing countries, institutions, and  authors were identified, highlighting the dominance of the U.S. and China in  this field.
Author information: (1)Department of Medicinal Chemistry, BMC Uppsala University P.O. Box 574 SE-751  23 Uppsala Sweden luke.
To examine effects of a multilevel, religiously-tailored HIV testing  intervention, Taking It to the Pews (TIPS), on receipt of HIV testing with  African American church-affiliated populations, 14 African American churches  (N = 1,491) were randomized to TIPS or a multilevel, non-tailored HIV education  attention-control arm in a cluster-randomized trial (Kansas City urban area,  2013 to 2019). Receipt of an HIV test was examined using objective data and  participant self-reports (last 12 months), including self-reported exposure to  intervention components. Overall, 471 HIV tests were completed; TIPS  intervention churches conducted significantly more tests than controls (339  versus 132, p = 0.003). Also, a larger proportion of intervention participants  self-reported receipt of an HIV test than controls (38% versus 34%).  Participants in intervention churches self-reported exposure to an average of 7  of 14 different intervention arm HIV-related activities; activities with the  most exposures were printed information/posters (71%), resource tables (70%),  sermons (63%), and health professional or HIV-positive speakers (60%). Odds of  HIV testing increased 47% for each additional intervention exposure reported.  African American faith communities delivering a multilevel, religiously-tailored  HIV testing intervention can significantly impact receipt of HIV testing with  African American church-affiliated populations.Trial registration number and  date: NCT02529644 Aug 06 2015.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics Approval: The Animal Care  and Ethics Committee of the Southern University of Science and Technology  (SUSTech-JY202303083) approved all animal surgical and experimental procedures.  Conflict of interest: The VOR test system used in our study was developed by  Giant Tek Ltd. W.L. is an employee of Giant Tek, and F.C. is its technical  advisor.
Author information: (1)Retina Consultants of Texas, Retina Consultants of America, Houston, TX, USA. (2)Department of Ophthalmology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Bern,  Switzerland. (3)Department for BioMedical Research, Bern, Switzerland. (4)Ophthalmology Department, Faculty Hospital and Policlinic Zilina, Zilina,  Slovakia. (5)University Hospital Královské Vinohrady, Prague, Czech Republic. (6)Third Faculty of Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic. (7)Department of Ophthalmology, Semmelweis University, Budapest, Hungary. (8)Shivam Retina Clinic and Eye Hospital, Surat, India. (9)Regional Institute of Ophthalmology, Kolkata, India. (10)Centrum Zdrowia MDM, Warsaw, Poland. (11)II. Ocna Klinika SZU, F.D. Roosevelt Hospital, Banska Bystrica, Slovakia.
Author information: (1)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven,  Connecticut, USA; Program for Biomedical Ethics, Yale School of Medicine, New  Haven, Connecticut, USA. Electronic address: sarah.hull@yale.edu. (2)Department of Chronic Disease Epidemiology, Yale School of Public Health, New  Haven, Connecticut, USA. (3)Division of Cardiology, Montefiore Health System, Bronx, New York, USA. (4)Department of Chronic Disease Epidemiology, Yale School of Public Health, New  Haven, Connecticut, USA; Yale Cancer Center, New Haven, Connecticut, USA. (5)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Discovery Science, American Cancer Society, Atlanta,  Georgia, USA.
Author information: (1)Health in Code S.L., A Coruña, Spain; Universidade da Coruña, Spain;  Inherited Cardiac Diseases Unit, San Cecilio Hospital, Granada, Spain.
Sputum cultures are the gold standard for tuberculosis (TB) diagnosis and  treatment monitoring. However, cultures in MGIT liquid media are susceptible to  microbial contamination, often rendering them uninterpretable. Research has  shown that maintaining strict cold chains and supervised sample collection can  reduce contamination rates, but few longitudinal studies with weekly sampling  have explored this. Here, we evaluated whether (i) the time between specimen  collection and laboratory processing and (ii) unsupervised specimen collection  are associated with contamination rates. Additionally, we estimated  contamination rates over the first 12 weeks of treatment and assessed the  clinical and behavioral predictors of contamination. We collected 3,155 sputum  specimens from 301 participants undergoing TB treatment. Contamination was  lowest (12.3%) at treatment initiation, increased over the first few weeks, and  stabilized around 30% from week 8 onwards. Samples collected without supervision  were more likely to be contaminated at treatment initiation (P = 0.048) and over  12 weeks (P = 0.028). We observed an inverse relationship between smear grade  and contamination risk throughout the sampling period. These findings underscore  the importance of supervised sputum collection to reduce contamination and  provide ways to enhance the clinical and research values of weekly cultures,  particularly those collected later in treatment. This is especially relevant for  community-collected specimens used in monitoring treatment response.IMPORTANCEIt  is essential to understand how we can minimize sputum specimen contamination  rates, as culture contamination may lead to false negative or indeterminate  results that require repeat sampling and testing, increasing the burden on  healthcare systems and potentially delaying treatment initiation.
Municipal wastewater harbors diverse RNA viruses, which are responsible for many  emerging and reemerging diseases in humans, animals, and plants. Although  genomic sequencing can be a high-throughput approach for profiling the RNA  virome in wastewater, wastewater processing methods often influence sequencing  outcomes. Here, we systematically evaluated two wastewater processing methods,  tangential-flow ultrafiltration (TFF) and Nanotrap Microbiome A Particles, for  detecting the target RNA virus severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2  (SARS-CoV-2) via amplicon sequencing and characterizing the RNA virome using  whole-transcriptome shotgun sequencing. Our results from paired comparison tests  showed that the TFF and Nanotrap methods recovered similar SARS-CoV-2 variants  at the lineage level (analysis of similarity [ANOSIM] R = -0.012, P = 0.874).  Optimizing automated procedures for the Nanotrap method and concentration  factors for the TFF method was critical for achieving high-depth and  high-breadth coverage of the target virus genome. Notably, the two methods  enriched distinct RNA viromes from the same wastewater samples (ANOSIM R =  0.260, P = 0.002), with TFF samples showing 22-fold and 7-fold higher relative  abundances of Reoviridae and Coronaviridae, respectively. These differences are  likely due to the distinct virus concentration mechanisms employed by each  method, which are influenced by liquid-solid partitioning of virus particles and  interactions of viral surface proteins with ligands. Our findings underscore the  importance of optimizing wastewater processing methods for genomic monitoring  and have implications for broader environmental  applications.IMPORTANCEWastewater genomic sequencing is an emerging technology  for tracking viral infections within communities.
Music therapy (MT) has emerged as an effective non-pharmacological intervention  for enhancing emotional regulation, social communication, and neurocognitive  function in children. This study provides the first comprehensive scientometric  analysis of global MT research trends in pediatric settings. Analyzing 1,383  publications from Web of Science, we employed co-citation networks, keyword  clustering, and burst detection to: 1) map international collaboration networks,  2) track thematic evolution, and 3) identify emerging frontiers. Results reveal  exponential growth since 2010, peaking in 2022, with the U.S., U.K., and  Australia as leading contributors.
Author information: (1)Director Orthopaedic Department Fatebenefratelli Isola Tiberina - Gemelli  Isola, Rome, Italy. (2)1° Clinica Ortopedica, ASST Centro Specialistico Ortopedico Traumatologico  Gaetano Pini-CTO, Milan, Italy. (3)Laboratory of Applied Biomechanics, Department of Biomedical Sciences for  Health, Università degli Studi di Milano, Milan, Italy. (4)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, Università degli  Studi di Milano, Milan, Italy. (5)Orthopaedic Clinic Lucerne (OKL AG), St. Anna Hospital Lucerne, Luzern,  Switzerland. (6)Department of Surgery, Traumatology and Orthopedic Surgery, Hospital of  Sterzing (SABES-ASDAA), Vipiteno-Sterzing, Italy. (7)Teaching Hospital of the Paracelsus Medizinischen Privatuniversität,  Salzburg, Austria. (8)Orthopaedic and Traumatology department, University of Medicine, Pharmacy,  Sciences and Technology George Emil Palade, Targu, Mures, Romania. (9)Orthopaedics and Traumatology Department, Ponderas Academic Hospital,  Bucharest, Romania. (10)Central Military Emergency Hospital Dr. Carol Davila, Bucharest, Romania. (11)Department of Orthopedics and Traumatology, University of Health Sciences,  M. S. (Metin Sabancı) Baltalimani Bone and Joint Diseases Research Hospital,  Istanbul, Turkey. (12)Département de Chirurgie Orthopédique et de Médecine du Sport, FIFA Medical  Center of Excellence, Hôpital de la Croix-Rousse, Centre Hospitalier  Universitaire de Lyon, Lyon, France. (13)LIBM - EA 7424, Interuniversity Laboratory of Biology of Mobility,  Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon, France. (14)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Cardiology, Valves and Structural Heart Diseases, Valve  Research and Innovation Committee - Institut Cœur-Poumon, CHU de Lille, Lille,  France. (2)Department of Cardiology and Structural Heart Diseases, Medical University of  Silesia, Katowice, Poland. (3)Hospital de Santa Cruz, Centro Hospitalar de Lisboa Ocidental, Carnaxide and  Comprehensive Health Research Center (CHRC), Nova Medical School, Lisbon,  Portugal. (4)Interventional Cardiology Unit, IRCCS University Hospital of Bologna,  Policlinico S. Orsola, Bologna, Italy. (5)3rd Department of Cardiology, Faculty of Medical Sciences in Zabrze, Medical  University of Silesia, Katowice, Poland. (6)Department of Cardiology, Maasstad Hospital, Rotterdam, the Netherlands. (7)Department of Cardiology, Schön Klinik Hamburg Eilbek, Hamburg, Germany. (8)Keele Cardiovascular Research Group, Keele University, UK. (9)S Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Cardiovasculares  (CIBERCV), Spain; Servicio de Cardiología, Hospital Universitario de Salamanca,  Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca (IBSAL), Salamanca, Spain. (10)Department of Cardiology, Sismanoglion Hospital, Athens, Greece. (11)Structural Heart Interventions Unit, Department of Cardiology, Kocaeli  University School of Medicine, Kocaeli 41380, Turkey. (12)Department of Cardiology, Triemli Hospital Zürich, Zürich, Switzerland and  University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland. (13)Global Health and Human Ecology Dept, The American University in Cairo,  Cairo, Egypt and Cardiology Dept, National Heart Institute, Giza, Egypt. (14)Division of Cardiology, Cliniques Universitaires Saint-Luc, Brussels,  Belgium. (15)Department of Cardiology, Karolinska Institute and Danderyd Hospital,  Danderyd, Sweden. (16)Department of interventional cardiology, State Institution National  Scientific Center The M.D. Strazhesko Institute of Cardiology, clinical and  regenerative medicine of the National Academy of Medical Sciences of Ukraine,  Kyiv, Ukraine.
AIMS: To provide the most comprehensive assessment to date of interventional  cardiology practices across ESC national society member countries, with a focus  on infrastructure, procedural volumes, temporal trends (2013-2022), regional  disparities, and adherence to guideline-recommended care. METHODS: The third edition of the ESC-EAPCI Atlas presents data from 50 ESC  national society member countries, collected through a dedicated 2023 survey of  national cardiac societies and interventional working groups. Data were  subjected to a rigorous multi-step quality control process to ensure consistency  and accuracy.Key metrics include interventional resources, such as the number of  hospitals with catheterization laboratories, trained personnel, and the  proportion of women in the interventional workforce; procedural volumes and  types, including percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), primary PCI,  transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI), transcatheter mitral valve  procedures (TMVP), transcatheter tricuspid valve procedures (TTVP), as well as  procedural characteristics, including arterial access site, use of intracoronary  imaging, physiological lesion assessment, and sex-specific data on patient care  delivery.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: B.Y. and L.C. are  coinventors on a provisional patent application that incorporates discoveries  described in this manuscript.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.T.R.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Y.J. is a patent holder of  Optovue/Visionix, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.S.V.
Pregnant women have historically and are currently being excluded from cervical  cancer screening in most low and middle-income countries (LMICs). The aim of  this study was to assess the feasibility and outcomes of including pregnant  women in a HPV self-sampling-based screening program in Ethiopia. Pregnant  women, recruited from a previously established cohort, were included. They  answered a questionnaire and provided HPV self-samples. If the woman was HR-HPV  positive, she underwent triage with VIA with or without Iodine. If positive in  triage, the woman was re-scheduled after delivery for a new exam. Primary  outcome was screening participation. The participation rate of pregnant women  was 92.1% (117/127) (95% CI 86.0-96.1%). They had the same knowledge about  cervical cancer and acceptance rate to the study as their non-pregnant peers.  Pregnant women had less history of previous screening (p = 0.08). The HPV  prevalence was 25.4% (29/114) in self-samples. 93.1% (27/29) attended follow-up,  where only 11 had not delivered, and 54.6% (6/11) had detectable HPV infection  in their cervical samples. Including pregnant women in HPV self-sampling-based  screening is feasible and highly accepted. The findings support integrating  pregnant women into cervical cancer screening programs in to enhance prevention  and early detection efforts.Clinical trials ID: NCT05125380.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.S. is the editor-in-chief  of EYE; has been a consultant for AbbVie Pte Ltd.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A.C.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest DA has  received funding from Abbot Vascular to support a clinical research fellowship.  He has also received funding from AstraZeneca inc. for unrelated research and  has undertaken consultancy for General Electric inc. to support research funds.  He receives royalties from Elsevier Inc for the ECG made Practical and ECG  Problems books and holds the following unrelated patents (EP3277337A1,  PCT/GB2017/050877, UK patent application number 2211616.4). He is a founder and  shareholder in Intervent Cardio Ltd. S.S.L.
INTRODUCTION: Dementia caregiving is typically provided through a network of  multiple individuals, particularly in diverse populations. Although family  members of people living with Alzheimer's disease and Alzheimer's  disease-related dementias, especially spouses and adult children, often assume  the role of informal care partner, there is a growing number of non-traditional  informal care partners (ie, non-spousal, non-biological child) given societal  changes in family structure. The proposed study aims to systematically review  the caregiver literature to better understand how caregivers are defined, the  approaches and tools commonly used to evaluate the caregiver network and common  caregiver outcome assessments that are used in clinical and research settings. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The following protocol will be conducted according to  Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines.  Searches will be developed by health science library informationists for Medline  (Ovid), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature Complete  (EBSCOhost), AgeLine (EBSCOhost) and APA PsycInfo (EBSCOhost) databases to  identify tools, measures or approaches to the characterisation of complex  caregiver networks that include non-traditional care partners (ie, step-family  and non-marital romantic partners, blended families, families of origin,  families of choice and family friends). In addition, we will also consider data  elements from large-scale cohorts that include caregiver respondents (eg,  National Health and Ageing Trends Study; National Study of Caregiving). There  will be no limits set on article language, geography or publication date.  Articles that are identified in languages other than English will be included if  there is an English translation available. Search results will be reviewed by  two independent raters for inclusion; in cases where there are discrepancies in  inclusion/exclusion recommendations, the two reviewers will meet to establish  consensus; a third reviewer will adjudicate when necessary. An  artificial-intelligence-based software will be used to aid in extraction; these  results will be double-checked by a human, and instances of discrepancies will  be reviewed by a second independent rater. A narrative synthesis approach will  be used to analyse the data. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Information from this review will be published in  peer-reviewed journals and presented at scientific conferences, with the goal of  providing future recommendations for how to define a non-traditional caregiver,  the systematic assessment of caregiver networks and a summary of the most  commonly used outcome measures in the caregiver literature. Given that scoping  reviews of published articles are not regulated under federal regulations  governing human subject research (45 CFR 46 or 21 CFR 50/56), institutional  review board approval is not required. SCOPING REVIEW REGISTRATION: In accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items  for Scoping Review and Meta-analysis Protocols, the following protocol has been  registered via https://osf.io on 19 December 2023 (registration DOI:  https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/2XGSR).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: NEC, CMG, AL and JAM are  all supported by grant number RF1AG083030 (PI: Carlozzi, N.E.) from the National  Institutes of Health, National Institute of Aging.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Medicine and Surgery, Kore University of Enna, Enna, Italy. (2)Gastroenterology Unit, Umberto I Hospital, Enna, Italy. (3)Endoscopy Unit, ISMETT, Palermo, Italy. (4)Department of Precision Medicine in Medical, Surgical and Critical Care  (Me.Pre.C.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.S.W.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) are  oncogenic human γ-herpesviruses highly prevalent in Sub-Saharan Africa. Both  establish latent early-life infections, with intermittent lytic reactivations,  often triggered by viral co-infections, particularly in immunocompromised  individuals. In this retrospective observational cross-sectional sub-study, we  leveraged a cohort of 407 non-hospitalised people living with HIV (PLWH)  attending antiretroviral therapy services in South Africa during the COVID-19  pandemic, with previously reported increased reactivation of KSHV upon  SARS-CoV-2 exposure, particularly in COVID-19 unvaccinated individuals (Lambarey  et al., 2024). In contrast to the generally low KSHV viral loads (VL), we  observed high detectability (97.0 %) of EBV DNA in the patients' peripheral  blood, with 12.4 % of patients displaying elevated EBV VL of ≥1 × 105  copies/106 cells. However, neither SARS-CoV-2 exposure nor COVID-19 vaccination  had an impact on EBV reactivation. Interestingly, patients with chronically  elevated EBV VL had higher detectability of KSHV VL (35.0 %) compared to the  remainder of the cohort with undetectable or <1 × 105 copies/106 cells EBV VL  (18.8 %), which was confirmed by logistic regression identifying significantly  higher odds of elevated EBV VL in patients with detectable KSHV VL (p = 0.03,  adjusted OR 2.42 [95 % C.I. 1.
Author information: (1)Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Institute of Biomedical  Sciences, University of São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil. (2)Department of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital and Program in  Neuroscience, Harvard Medical School, Charlestown, Massachusetts, USA. (3)Cellular, Genetic, and Molecular Nephrology Laboratory (LIM-29), Hospital das  Clínicas, University of São Paulo Medical School, São Paulo, Brazil. (4)Institute for Investigation in Immunology, INCT, São Paulo, Brazil. (5)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Approval was given by the institutional ethical review boards of  each center. Written informed consent was obtained from all participants or  their authorized representatives. Consent for publication: Not applicable.  Competing interests: Y.H., C.P., E.E., S.B., L.M, J.S., J.H., H.R., W.H., A.S.,  A.C.-P, and D.I. declare no competing interest.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethical approval: This study was approved by the  Ethics Committee of Behbahan University of Medical Sciences. (Ethics  code = IR.BHN.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: POPE microscopy is  protected under U.S. Patent No.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.N., H.R.Y.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Pharmacy and Pharmacy Practice, Faculty of Pharmacy,  Damanhour University, Damanhour 22514, Egypt. (2)College of Pharmacy, Al Ain University, Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 112612, United  Arab Emirates.
Author information: (1)CIDEFES-Universidade Lusófona & CIFI2D-Universidade do Porto, Campo Grande nº  380, 1700-097 Lisboa, Portugal. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Padua, 35131, Padova, Italy. (3)University of Maia, Av. Carlos de Oliveira Campos, 4475-690 Maia, Portugal. (4)Center for Psychology at the University of Porto, Rua Alfredo Allen, 4200-135  Porto, Portugal. (5)Faculdade de Motricidade Humana, Universidade de Lisboa, Estrada da Costa,  1495-751 Cruz-Quebrada, Portugal. (6)Atlântica-Instituto Universitário, Fábrica da Pólvora de Barcarena, 2730-036  Barcarena, Portugal. (7)Interdisciplinary Center for the Study of Human Performance (CIPER),  Faculdade de Motricidade Humana, Universidade de Lisboa, Estrada da Costa,  1495-751 Cruz-Quebrada, Portugal. (8)Bettery Lifelab, Bettery S.A., Lagoas Park, Edificio 15, Piso 1, 2740-262  Porto Salvo, Portugal.
Conflict of interest statement: Author F.J.T.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors of the manuscript were funded by the  U54NS115052 grant. E.R. Kotes reports no disclosures relevant to the manuscript.
Author information: (1)Chair of Vascular Neurology, Dementia and Aging, Department of Neurology,  University Hospital Essen, University of Duisburg-Essen, 45147 Essen, Germany. (2)Center for Translational Neuro- and Behavioral Sciences (C-TNBS), University  Hospital Essen, University of Duisburg-Essen, 45147 Essen, Germany. (3)Center for Molecular Cardiology, University of Zurich, 8952 Zurich,  Switzerland. (4)Department of Neurology, San Raffaele Hospital, 20132 Milan, Italy. (5)Department of Neurology, Medical Faculty, Inselgruppe, Bern University  Hospital, University of Bern, 3010 Bern, Switzerland. (6)Department of Medicine and Surgery, Perugia University School of Medicine,  06132 Perugia, Italy. (7)School of Life Sciences, University of Warwick, CV4 7AL Coventry, UK. (8)Department of Neuroscience, Bilkent University, 06800 Ankara, Turkey. (9)Laboratory of Neuroimmunology, HUN-REN Institute of Experimental Medicine,  H-1083 Budapest, Hungary. (10)Department of Neurology, IdiPAZ, La Paz University Hospital, Universidad  Autonoma de Madrid, 28046 Madrid, Spain. (11)Department of Geriatrics, University of Duisburg-Essen, 45141 Essen,  Germany. (12)Department of Neurology, University Hospital Gießen and Marburg, Justus  Liebig University Gießen, 35392 Gießen, Germany. (13)Department of Psychiatry and Neuroscience, Université Laval, Quebec City, QC  G1V 4G2, Canada. (14)Departments of Medicine and Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Université de  Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1H 5H3, Canada. (15)Division of Psychology, Communication and Human Neuroscience, Wolfson  Molecular Imaging Centre, University of Manchester, M13 9PL Manchester, UK. (16)Department of Nuclear Medicine, University Hospital Essen, University of  Duisburg-Essen, 45147 Essen, Germany. (17)Institute for Transfusion Medicine, University Hospital Essen, University of  Duisburg-Essen, 45147 Essen, Germany. (18)Institute for Experimental Immunology and Imaging, University Hospital  Essen, University of Duisburg-Essen, 45147 Essen, Germany. (19)Department of Biospectroscopy, Leibniz Institut für Analytische  Wissenschaften (ISAS) e.V., 44227 Dortmund, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest Huaxiao Yang, Yunhe Feng,  and Arun Kumar Reddy Kandula filed a U.S. patent application No.
Conflict of interest statement: I have read the journal's policy and the authors  of this manuscript have the following competing interests: E.B. consults for  AstraZeneca, Roche and Vaccitech and has patents in ChAdOx1 HBV and HCV  vaccines.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Group of Investigation in Interactions Gene-Environment and Health (GIIGAS),  Institute of Biomedicine (IBIOMED), University of León, León, Spain; CIBER de  Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid,  Spain. (2)Group of Investigation in Interactions Gene-Environment and Health (GIIGAS),  Institute of Biomedicine (IBIOMED), University of León, León, Spain. (3)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Navarra Institute for  Health Research (IdiSNA), University of Navarra, Pamplona, Spain; Centro de  Investigación Biomédica en Red Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y la Nutrición  (CIBEROBN), Institute of Health Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (4)Group of Investigation in Interactions Gene-Environment and Health (GIIGAS),  Institute of Biomedicine (IBIOMED), University of León, León, Spain; CIBER de  Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid,  Spain. Electronic address: lalva@unileon.es. (5)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Navarra Institute for  Health Research (IdiSNA), University of Navarra, Pamplona, Spain; Centro de  Investigación Biomédica en Red Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y la Nutrición  (CIBEROBN), Institute of Health Carlos III, Madrid, Spain; Department of  Nutrition, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts,  USA.
BACKGROUND: Men and women tend to follow different dietary patterns, but this is  often disregarded when relating diet to health outcomes. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to analyze (poly)phenol intake patterns and their  association with cardiovascular risk (CVR) according to sex. METHODS: 6633 participants were included in this cross-sectional study. The  intake of 26 (poly)phenol classes/subclasses was included in the factor analysis  obtaining for the total sample, men and women. Linear regression models were  performed with the estimation of absolute CVR (Framingham equation) as the  dependent variable, and each (poly)phenol pattern categorized into quintiles as  the independent variable. RESULTS: For the total sample, (poly)phenol pattern three (olives and olive oil)  was positively associated with CVR (βQ5vs.Q1 = 2.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: M.T. received speakers’ and  consultants’ fee from Astra-Zeneca, Pfizer, Eli-Lilly, BMS, Novartis, Roche,  MSD, Boehringer Ingelheim, Takeda, Amgen, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson & Johnson,  Pierre Fabre, BeiGene and Daiichi Sankyo.
Conflict of interest statement: Prof. D.M.O.
Conflict of interest statement: R. Tanasescu received support for attending  scientific meetings from Merck, Novartis, AbbVie, Biogen Idec, Teva, Jansen, and  Genzyme and consultancy fees from Johnson & Johnson. B. Gran has received  personal compensation for consultancy from Merck, Roche, Biogen, Teva UK, and GW  Pharma; unrestricted research grants from Biogen Idec, Merck, Bayer Healthcare,  Teva UK, Novartis, and Genzyme; and support for attendance at clinical and  research conferences from Biogen, Merck, Bayer Healthcare, Teva UK, Novartis,  Genzyme, and CelGene. C.S. Constantinescu received research grant support;  support for attending scientific meetings; and consultancy fees from Biogen  Idec, Bayer Schering, Genzyme, Merck Serono, Morphosys, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi  Pasteur, Merck Sharp, and Dohme.
Author information: (1)Centre for Cancer Drug Discovery, The Institute of Cancer Research, London  SM2 5NG, U.K. (2)Oncology R&D, AstraZeneca, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge CB2 0AA,  U.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests B.X.W.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Science, University of Barcelona, Spain. (2)Biosanitary Research Institute, Valencian International University (VIU),  Valencia, Spain. (3)Department of Biosciences, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences,  University of Oslo, Norway. (4)Departamento de I+D+i de Fertinagro Biotech S.L, Poligono Industrial La Paz,  Teruel, Spain.
Author information: (1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, University Hospital Zurich, University of  Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. dapizzuto@gmail.com. (2)GSTeP Radiopharmacy, Dipartimento di Diagnostica per Immagini e Radioterapia  Oncologica, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli IRCCS, Rome, Italy.  dapizzuto@gmail.com. (3)Division of Radiology, Diagnostic Department, Geneva University Hospitals,  University of Geneva, 1205, Geneva, Switzerland. (4)University Medical Imaging Toronto, Joint Department Medical Imaging,  University Health Network, Sinai Health System, Women's College Hospital,  University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5G 2N2, Canada. (5)Department of Nuclear Medicine, University Hospital Zurich, University of  Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. (6)Nuclear Medicine Unit, ASO S.Croce e Carle, 12100, Cuneo, Italy.
Author information: (1)Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medical & Health Sciences, Manaaki  Mānawa, The Centre for Heart Research, University of Auckland, New Zealand  (A.G.P.
Author information: (1)Tartu University Hospital and University of Tartu, Tartu, Estonia.  Kylli.Kingo@kliinikum.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: This study was funded by  Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland. Conflicts of Interest: Kulli Kingo has  received fees for serving as an investigator in studies sponsored by AbbVie,  Celgene, Galderma, Merck, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma, Novartis, Regeneron  Pharmaceuticals, and Sandoz. Stefan Beissert has been on the advisory board of  AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Deutschland GmbH,  Amgen GmbH, Celgene GmbH, Galderma Laboratorium GmbH, Janssen-Cilag GmbH, LEO  Pharma GmbH, Lilly Deutschland GmbH, Novartis Pharma GmbH, MSD SHARP & DOHME  GmbH, Menlo Therapeutics, Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH, Pfizer Pharma GmbH,  and UCB Pharma GmbH and received speaker honorarium from Novartis Pharma GmbH,  AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG, MSD SHARP & DOHME GMBH, Pfizer Pharma  GmbH, Janssen-Cilag GmbH, Galderma Laboratorium GmbH, Celgene GmbH, La  Roche-Posay Laboratoire Pharmaceutique, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Deutschland  GmbH, GlaxoSmithKline GmbH & Co. KG, Bristol Myers Squibb GmbH & Co. KGaA,  Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH, Almirall Hermal GmbH, and Sandoz/Hexal AG.  Svetlana Lazareva and Jirina Bartonova declare no conflicts of interest.  Asunción Vicente Villa has been an investigator in studies, advisor, speaker,  and/or consultant for AbbVie, Almirall, Amgen, Amryt, Boehringer Ingelheim,  Bristol Myers Squibb, Ferrer, Galderma, Jansen, LEO Pharma, Lilly, Novartis,  Pierre Fabre, Pfizer, and Sanofi-Genzyme. Rosalia Ballona has received fees for  serving as an investigator in this study sponsored by Novartis. Nina Magnolo has  been an advisor, speaker, and/or consultant for AbbVie, Almirall, Amgen,  Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene, Janssen, La Roche-Posay,  LEO Pharma, Lilly, Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi, Dr. Wolff, Sanofi, and UCB Pharma.  Amita Bansal, Ruvie Martin, Heng Fan, Charles O’Doherty, and Philemon  Papanastasiou are employees and shareholders of Novartis. Shoba Ravichandran was  a full-time employee at the time the research was conducted and is a current  stockholder of Novartis. Data Availability: The datasets generated and/or  analyzed during the current study are not publicly available. Novartis is  committed to sharing access to patient-level data and supporting clinical  documents from eligible studies with qualified external researchers. These  requests are reviewed and approved on the basis of scientific merit. All data  provided are anonymized to respect the privacy of patients who have participated  in the trial in line with applicable laws and regulations. The data may be  requested from the corresponding author of the manuscript. Ethics Approval: The  study was conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and Good  Clinical Practice guidelines and in compliance with all national, federal,  local, or regional requirements. The institutional review board/ethics committee  of each participating center approved the study protocol. Consent: A parent or  legal guardian provided written informed consent, and the patient provided  written assent, at screening before any assessment was performed. If patients  reached age of consent (as per local law) during the study, they needed to also  sign the corresponding study informed consent(s). Consent for Publication:  Written informed consent was obtained from each patient or legal representative  of the patient for anonymized patient information to be published. Author  Contributions: All authors were involved in the drafting and critical review of  the manuscript and approved the final version for submission. K.K., S.B., S.L.,  A.V.V.
Plain Language Summary: Communication is a collaborative activity and therefore,  close communication partners of people with Parkinson’s disease should be  included in communication assessment and intervention planning.For optimally  tailored interventions, insights into the experiences and everyday communication  habits of persons with Parkinson’s disease and their communication partners are  needed.Video recorded everyday conversations in combination with reflective  discussions can contribute increased awareness of communicative  behaviours.Reflective discussions based on video recorded everyday conversations  may facilitate adjustment of conversation habits to increase communication  success.
Bile salts (BS) are antimicrobials that disrupt bacterial cell membranes and  induce oxidative stress. The gut bacterium Escherichia coli is naturally  resistant to BS, including the model strain K12 MG1655 that produces a  lipopolysaccharide (LPS) without O-antigen (OAg) on the cell surface.  Paradoxically, we have previously shown that restoring a wild-type like LPS with  attached OAg (MG1655-S) sensitizes E. coli K12 to exogenous BS. In this study,  we investigate this phenomenon. We show that mutations causing truncation of the  LPS core oligosaccharide render MG1655-S strains even more susceptible to BS  compared to MG1655. These mutants phenocopy a K-12 MG1655-S ΔwaaL mutant, which  is defective in OAg ligase, primarily due to periplasmic accumulation of the  unligated lipid-linked UndPP-OAg. Through the characterization of BS-resistant  suppressor mutants of MG1655-S ΔwaaL, we identify key genetic disruptions  involved in resistance. Notably, we observed the highest BS resistance in  strains with a weaker connection between the outer membrane (OM) and  peptidoglycan (PG), including strains lacking the major OM-anchored, PG-binding  proteins OmpA or Lpp. Expressing versions of OmpA and Lpp that lack PG-binding  capacity also enhanced the BS resistance. Our data suggest that BS-induced  stress in OAg-producing E. coli is due to the spatial constraints between OM and  PG and that mutations disrupting OM-PG interactions alleviate this stress,  thereby enhancing BS resistance. These findings provide new insights into a  major challenge E. coli faces in the gut environment, where it needs to produce  OAg for stable colonization and immune evasion while resisting the antimicrobial  activity of BS.IMPORTANCEEnteric bacteria residing in the human gut must  withstand host-derived antimicrobial bile salts, but resistance mechanisms are  not fully elucidated.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Microbiology and Immunology, University of Wisconsin  School of Medicine and Public Health, Madison, Wisconsin, USA. (2)Microbiology Doctoral Training Program, University of Wisconsin-Madison,  Madison, Wisconsin, USA. (3)Medical Scientist Training Program, University of Wisconsin School of  Medicine and Public Health, Madison, Wisconsin, USA. (4)Department of Animal & Dairy Sciences, University of Wisconsin, Madison,  Wisconsin, USA. (5)Center for Biomedical Swine Research & Innovation, University of Wisconsin  School of Medicine and Public Health, Madison, Wisconsin, USA. (6)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Allergy, Immunology & Rheumatology,  University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health, Madison,  Wisconsin, USA. (7)Department of Surgery, University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public  Health, Madison, Wisconsin, USA. (8)Department of Biochemistry and Biomedical Sciences, McMaster University,  Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. (9)M.G. DeGroote Institute for Infectious Disease Research, McMaster University,  Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Author information: (1)Instituto de Biomedicina y Biotecnología de Cantabria (IBBTEC), Universidad  de Cantabria - Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC),  Santander, Spain. (2)Biomar Microbial Technologies, Parque Tecnológico de León, Armunia, Lesón,  Spain. (3)Institut Agro, INRAE, IRHS, Université d'Angers, Angers, France. (4)Innoplant S.L, Avenida Alfaguara 62, Alfacar, Granada, Spain.
Plain Language Summary: This study examines how combining traditional  center-based cardiac rehabilitation with a shared decision making (SDM) approach  supported by digital tools impacts the quality of life, fitness, and physical  activity levels of patients with heart disease. Key Findings Adding an SDM-based  telerehabilitation program using the SharedHeart application to standard cardiac  rehabilitation significantly improved patients' quality of life (HeartQoL),  fitness (VO-peak), and physical activity (step count) after 12 weeks.The  integration of a patient-centered SDM approach with digital tools empowers  patients to take an active role in their rehabilitation, leading to better  adherence and improved outcomes.This research highlights the potential of  integrating SDM and digital applications to enhance cardiovascular  rehabilitation programs.
Author information: (1)Department of Medicine, Division of Sleep Medicine, University of  Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. (2)Department of Medicine, Center for Sleep and Circadian Neurobiology,  Institute for Biomedical Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School  of Medicine, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. (3)Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts,  USA. (4)Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. (5)Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Harvard T.H. Chan School of  Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Author information: (1)Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA. (2)Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. (3)Department of Physiology and Sport and Health University Research Institute  (iMUDS), University of Granada, Granada, Spain. (4)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y  Nutrición (CIBERobn), Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (5)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria (ibs.GRANADA), Granada, Spain.
Author information: (1)Independent Researcher (A.V.P.
Author information: (1)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, School of Public Health,  Imperial College London, United Kingdom. (J.Y., F.K., M.J.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. V.D.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. M.R.B.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: M.C. Eastwood reports  having received support to attend educational meetings by GlaxoSmithKline.
Author information: (1)IBD Unit, "Villa Sofia-Cervello" Hospital, Viale Strasburgo 233, Palermo  90146, Italy. (2)Digestive Endoscopy Unit, "Villa Sofia-Cervello" Hospital, Palermo, Italy. (3)Gastroenterology and Endoscopy Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Casa Sollievo Della  Sofferenza, San Giovanni Rotondo, Italy. (4)Dipartimento di Medicina e Chirurgia Traslazionale, Università Cattolica del  Sacro Cuore, Rome, Italy. (5)IBD Unit, CEMAD, Digestive Diseases Center, Medicina Interna e  Gastroenterologia, Dipartimento di Scienze Mediche e Chirurgiche, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario "A. Gemelli" IRCCS, Rome, Italy. (6)Gastroenterology & Hepatology Section, PROMISE, University of Palermo,  Palermo, Italy. (7)Gastroenterology Unit, Rho Hospital, ASST Rhodense, Rho, Italy. (8)IBD Center, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. (9)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy. (10)Hepatogastroenterology Division, Department of Precision Medicine,  University of Campania Luigi Vanvitelli, Naples, Italy. (11)Department of Pathophysiology and Transplantation, Università degli Studi di  Milano, Milan, Italy. (12)Gastroenterology and Endoscopy Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Cà Granda, Ospedale  Maggiore Policlinico di Milano, Italy. (13)IBD Unit, Arcispedale S.Maria Nuova, Reggio Emilia, Italy.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Feb;30(Suppl 2):S23908. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Nat Sci Sleep. 2025 Aug 22;17:1895-1913. doi: 10.2147/NSS.S543386.
Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2025 Aug 22;20:2945-2965. doi:  10.2147/COPD.S524591.
Conflict of interest statement: MCF is a paid consultant for Zimmer and Medacta,  from which he also receives research support and IP royalties. CTH is a paid  consultant for Smith and Nephew Orthopaedics, and has received research support  from the American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons. WMM is a paid consultant  for Pacira Biosciences, Inc (Parsippany, NJ, USA)., receives royalties from  Saunders/Mosby-Elsevier, and has received research support from the American  Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Pacira  Biosciences, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: M.J.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.N.M.
J Prosthodont Res. 2025 Aug 27. doi: 10.2186/jpr.JPR_D_24_00278.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy and Center for Biomedical  Research (CIBM), University of Granada, Granada 18071, Spain. (2)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada, ibs.GRANADA, Granada,  Spain; Department of Translational Rheumatology and Immunology, Institute of  Musculoskeletal Medicine, University of Münster, Münster 48149, Germany.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Institute of Biopathology and Regenerative Medicine (IBIMER), Center of  Biomedical Research (CIBM), University of Granada, 18100 Granada, Spain. (2)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada, ibs.GRANADA, 18012  Granada, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: E.X. has served as a consultant for Edwards  Lifesciences, received honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus  and educational events from Astra Zeneca, Boston scientific, SIS Medical,  Translumina, and received travel support for meeting from Abbot Vascular and SIS  Medica.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, University Medical Center Utrecht and Utrecht  University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands. (2)Thirona B.V., 6525 EC Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: A.K.A.L.K.
Author information: (1)Surgical Sciences and Technologies, IRCCS Istituto Ortopedico Rizzoli, 40136  Bologna, Italy. (2)Applied and Translational Research Center, IRCCS Istituto Ortopedico Rizzoli,  40136 Bologna, Italy. (3)Institute of Biomaterials and Bioengineering, Faculty of Natural Sciences and  Technology, Riga Technical University, LV-1048 Riga, Latvia. (4)Baltic Biomaterials Centre of Excellence, Headquarters at Riga Technical  University, LV-1048 Riga, Latvia. (5)Fin-Ceramica Faenza S.p.A, 48018 Faenza, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Author Laura Dolcini was employed by the company  Fin-Ceramica Faenza S.p.A. The remaining authors declare that the research was  conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could  be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest statement: S.M.W.
Author information: (1)Department of Surgical Sciences, University of Cagliari, 09042 Cagliari,  Italy. (2)Ph.D. Student Marie Sklodowska-Curie CAPICE Project, Department of Surgical  Sciences, University of Cagliari, 09042 Cagliari, Italy.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Clinical Metabolomics Unit, University of  Cagliari, 09042 Cagliari, Italy. (2)Toxicology Unit, Clinical Pathology and Microbiology Laboratory, S.S. Trinità  Hospital, ASL Cagliari, 09121 Cagliari, Italy.
Author information: (1)Postgraduate Programme in Mechatronic Systems, Department of Mechanical  Engineering, Campus Darcy Ribeiro, University of Brasilia, Brasilia 70910-900,  DF, Brazil. (2)Department of Electrical Engineering, Federal Institute of Education, Science  and Technology of Triângulo Mineiro, Paracatu 38603-402, MG, Brazil. (3)Postgraduate Programme in Biomedical Engineering, Department of Eletronic  Engineering, Faculty of Science and Engineering Technologies (FCTE), University  of Brasilia, Gama 72444-240, DF, Brazil. (4)Research and Innovation Center in Organ-on-a-Chip at the University of  Brasilia, University of Brasilia, Brasilia 70910-900, DF, Brazil. (5)Master of Engineering (M.Eng.
Author information: (1)Department of Physics and Biophysics, Faculty of Biotechnology and Food  Sciences, Wrocław University of Environmental and Life Sciences, Norwida 25 St.,  50-375 Wrocław, Poland. (2)Department of Medical Biophysics, Faculty of Biology and Environmental  Protection, University of Lodz, Pomorska 141/143 St., 90-236 Lodz, Poland. (3)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Fundamental Problems of  Technology, Wrocław University of Science and Technology, Wybrzeże Wyspiańskiego  27, 50-370 Wrocław, Poland. (4)Centre for Interdisciplinary Research, D.Y. Patil Educational Society,  Kolhapur 416006, India.
Author information: (1)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences, China Medical University, Taichung  406040, Taiwan. (2)School of Chinese Medicine, China Medical University, Taichung 406040,  Taiwan. (3)Department of Chemistry, National Central University, Taoyuan 320317, Taiwan. (4)Ph.D. Program for Health Science and Industry, China Medical University,  Taichung 406040, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Research Center, QU Health, Qatar University, Doha P.O. Box 2713,  Qatar.
BACKGROUND: Sports injuries are a prevalent concern in athletic participation  and have attracted growing attention from both researchers and practitioners due  to their impact on performance, health, and recovery. With the continued growth  of recreational and competitive sports, the number of participants has steadily  increased, leading to a rise in sports-related injuries. These injuries not only  impact athletes' performance and careers but also negatively affect the physical  and mental health of recreational participants. Consequently, the effective  prevention and treatment of sports injuries have become focal research areas  across multiple disciplines, including sports science, rehabilitation medicine,  and public health. METHODS: This study utilized the Web of Science Core Collection database,  specifically the Science Citation Index Expanded and the Social Sciences  Citation Index, to perform a literature search and analysis. The timeframe for  the search was from 2010 to 2024, using the topic "Sports Injuries AND  Prevention AND Treatment." After screening, a total of 661 publications were  included, comprising 494 research articles and 167 review articles. Unrelated  document types were excluded to ensure the accuracy and relevance of the  dataset. Data analysis was conducted using Citespace version 6.4.R1, enabling  multidimensional visualization of the dataset.
Conflict of interest statement: M.N. reported receiving travel expenses from  AstraZeneca, speaker honoraria from Accademia della Medicina, Incyte and  Servier; honoraria from Sandoz, Medpoint SRL, Incyte, AstraZeneca and Servier  for editorial collaboration.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Ethical approval for this study was obtained from the Institutional  Human Ethics Review Board of the Central University of Tamil Nadu (Approval ID:  CUTN/IHERB/2024/058) and the Directorate of Public Health and Preventive  Medicine(DPHPM) Government of Tamil Nadu, Chennai, Tamil Nadu (Approval ID:  DPHPM/IEC/2024/001). The study is also approved by the Scientific Advisory  Committee of DPHPM (Approval ID: R.No.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was conducted according to the International Council for  Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use E6  Guidelines for Good Clinical Practice that have their origin in the Declaration  of Helsinki. The study protocol was reviewed and approved by the institutional  ethics committee or review board for each center and by national health  authorities. The study design was also discussed and agreed with SwissMedic, the  WHO, and with some malaria-endemic countries via a Marketing Authorisation for  Global Health Products consultation. Informed consent was obtained from the  legally acceptable representative, i.e. parent or legal guardian, of each  patient. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: H.G.,  V.K.V.
Author information: (1)Botany and Microbiology Department, Faculty of Science, Benha University,  Benha, 13518, Egypt. ghada.ibrahem@fsc.bu.edu.eg. (2)Cellulose and Paper Department, National Research Centre, 33 El-Bohouth St.  (Former El-Tahrir St.), Dokki, P.O. Box 126220, Giza, Egypt.
BACKGROUND: With the increasing prevalence of abdominal obesity among children  and adolescents, identifying easily measurable, safe, efficient, low-cost, and  highly effective indicators is crucial in public health management. While  neck-to-height ratio (NHtR) is a better indicator of upper body fat than neck  circumference (NC), current research on this indicator mainly assesses its role  in obesity and related metabolic diseases among adults. Therefore, this study  aimed to investigate the clinical significance of the (NHtR) in screening for  abdominal obesity among children and adolescents. METHODS: The cross-sectional study enrolled 3,728 children and adolescents aged  7-17 years. Participants were categorized into three groups: abdominal obesity,  pre-abdominal obesity, and normal. Continuous variables (NC, NHtR, WC, WHtR)  were compared using analysis of variance or the Kruskal-Wallis H test. Partial  correlation analysis was conducted between NHtR and WC/WHtR.ROC curve analysis  assessed NHtR's accuracy in screening abdominal obesity.
Conflict of interest statement: W-Y.H. is the founder of Biosettia, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was conducted in accordance with the ethical principles  of the Spanish Biomedical Research Law 14/2007 and approved by the Ethics  Committee of Clinical Research of Aragón (CEICA) in its meeting on January 13,  2021 (Act No. 01/2021) C.I. PI20/606.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.A.K.
Author information: (1)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Health Economics and Outcomes Research, Graduate School of  Pharmaceutical Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan. (2)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Nagasaki University Hospital, Nagasaki,  Japan. (3)Department of Infectious Diseases, Nagasaki University Graduate School of  Biomedical Sciences, Nagasaki, Japan. (4)Clinical Research Center, Nagasaki University Hospital, Nagasaki, Japan. (5)Medical Affairs Department, Shionogi & Co., Ltd, Osaka, Japan. (6)Data Science Department, Shionogi & Co., Ltd, Osaka, Japan. (7)Putnam, Paris, France. (8)Putnam, London, UK. (9)Putnam, Paris, France. Mariia.Dronova@putassoc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Data Availability: An example of  the online survey is provided at:  https://nice-rcc-clinician-survey.shinyapps.io/rcc_r_code_clinician_1/ . The  economic model used for the pathways pilot appraisal is available here:  https://github.com/nice-digital/NICE-model-repo . Otherwise the data produced  within the exercise are provided in this manuscript. Competing Interests: D.L.  reports receiving consulting fees from Fiecon, Lumanity, Neuraxpham and Ascenian  Consulting; market research for projects unrelated to renal cell carcinoma; and  as being a very small shareholder following employment at Lumanity (the holding  company).
Author information: (1)Molecular Biology & Clinical Neuroscience Division, National Neurosciences  Centre, Peerless Hospital, (2nd floor), 360, Panchasayar, Kolkata, 700094,  India. Dipanwita.Sadhukhan@gmail.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures  CHARM-Preserved and DELIVER were sponsored by AstraZeneca, PARAGON-HF was  sponsored by Novartis, TOPCAT was sponsored by the National Heart, Lung, and  Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health, and I-Preserve was  sponsored by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis. Dr Ostrominski has  received grant support from the National Institutes of Health (5T32HL007604-39  and L30HL175757). Dr Lassen has received research support from the Danish Heart  Foundation (grant 21-R149-A10082-22194). Dr Butt has received advisory board  honoraria from AstraZeneca and Bayer; has received consultant honoraria from  Novartis and AstraZeneca; and has received travel grants from AstraZeneca. Dr  Claggett has received personal fees from Alnylam, Cardior, Cardurion, Corvia,  Cytokinetics, CVRx, personal fees from Intellia, and Rocket, outside of the  submitted work. Dr Anand has received consultancy fees from Amgen, ARCA,  AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Boston Scientific, LivaNova, Novartis,  Rockwell Medical, and Zensun. Dr Desai has received honoraria for consulting or  speaking from Abbott, AstraZeneca, Alnylam, Avidity Biopharma, Axon  Therapeutics, Bayer, Biofourmis, Boston Scientific, GlaxoSmithKline, Medpace,  Medtronic, Merck, New Amsterdam Pharma, Novartis, Parexel, Regeneron,  River2Renal, Roche, scPharmaceuticals, Verily, Veristat, and Zydus; and has  received institutional research grant support from Abbott, Alnylam, AstraZeneca,  Bayer, Novartis, and Pfizer. Dr Jhund has received personal fees from Bayer,  during the conduct of the study; has received other support from Novartis,  AstraZeneca, and Novo Nordisk; has received grants from AstraZeneca, Boehringer  Ingelheim, Analog Devices, and Roche Diagnostics; outside of the submitted work;  and is Director of GCTP Ltd. Dr Lam has received research grants from the  National Medical Research Council of Singapore, Novo Nordisk, and Roche  Diagnostic; has received consulting fees from Alnylam Pharma, AnaCardio AB,  Applied Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Biopeutics, Boehringer Ingelheim,  Boston Scientific, Bristol Myers Squibb, Corteria, CPC Clinical Research,  Cytokinetics, Eli Lilly, Impulse Dynamics, Intellia Therapeutics, Janssen  Research & Development LLC, Medscape/WebMD Global LLC, Merck, Novartis, Novo  Nordisk, Quidel Corporation, Radcliffe Group Ltd., Roche and Us2.ai; has patent  PCT/SG2016/050217 pending and patent US Patent No. 10,631,828 B1; US 10,702,247  B2; US 11,301,996 B2; US 11,446,009 B2; US 11,931,207 B2; US 12,001,939; and is  a co-founder and non-executive director of Us2.ai. and serves as cofounder and  non-executive director of Us2.ai. Dr Pfeffer has received research grant support  (via institution) from Lexicon and Novartis; is a consultant to Alnylam,  Apnimed, AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim and Eli Lilly Alliance, DalCor,  Intellia, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute CONNECTs (Master Protocol  Committee), Novartis, and Novo Nordisk; and has equity in DalCor. Dr Pitt has  served as a consultant for Bayer, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer  Ingelheim, Lexicon, Anacardia, and G3 Pharmaceuticvals; has served as a  consultant and received stock options or stocks from Sea Star Medical, Vifor,  Scpharmaceuticals, SQinnovations, KBP Biosciences, Sarfez, Cereno Scientific,  Prointel, and Brainstorm Medical; holds a U.S. Patent (9931412-site specific  delivery of Eplerenone to the myocardium); and has a U.S. Patent pending  (63/045,783 Histone Modulating agents for the prevention and treatment of organ  damage).
Int Med Case Rep J. 2025 Aug 18;18:1047-1051. doi: 10.2147/IMCRJ.S532766.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Aug;30(8):085001. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Author information: (1)Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux,  Luxembourg. (2)Department of Diagnostics, Fraunhofer Institute for Cell Therapy and  Immunology IZI, Leipzig, Germany. (3)Institute for Clinical Immunology, University Hospital of Leipzig, Leipzig,  Germany. (4)Center for Scalable Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence (ScaDS.AI),  Dresden, Leipzig, Germany.
Author information: (1)Cardiovascular Department, Jishuitan Hospital, Beijing, 100035, P. R. China. (2)Beijing Advanced Medical Technologies, Ltd Inc, Beijing 102600, P. R. China. (3)College of Biomedical Engineering, Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan,  610065, P. R. China. (4)Beijing Anzhen Hospital, Capital Medical University, Beijing, 100029, P.R.  China.
Bioresorbable stents (BRS) have emerged as a groundbreaking development in the  field of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) as they address the  long-standing concerns of metallic stents. Nevertheless, the observed higher  thrombosis rates in the first generation BRS, i.e. ABSORB®, might be attributed  to their thicker struts, slower degradation rate and structural dismantling of  partially endothelialized stents. In this study, measures have been taken to  overcome these limitations include reducing strut thickness, modifying the  structural design to maintain radial strength with thinner round cross section  struts and using a new material poly(L-lactide-co-ɛ-caprolactone) (PLCL 95/5)  that is tougher and degrade faster than poly(L-lactic acid) (PLLA).Given the  excellent biocompatibility of PLCL materials, the US FDA has approved their use  in clinical applications.
Author information: (1)Gastroenterology and Hepatology Department, Clinical and Translational  Research in Digestive Diseases, Valdecilla Research Institute (IDIVAL), Marqués  de Valdecilla University Hospital, Santander, Spain. (2)Gastroenterology and Endoscopy Unit, Edouard Herriot Hospital, Lyon, France. (3)Department of Gastroenterology, General University Hospital of Larissa,  Larissa, Greece. (4)Endoscopy and Endoscopic Surgery, Gunma University Hospital, Meabashi, Japan. (5)Department of Gastrointestinal Oncology, Osaka International Cancer  Institute, Osaka, Japan. (6)Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Gumma University Graduate  School of Medicine, Tokyo, Japan. (7)Gastroenterology Department, Research Institute Segovia de Arana, Puerta de  Hierro University Hospital, Autonomous University of Madrid, Majadahonda, Spain. (8)Digestive Disease Center, Showa University Koto Toyosu Hospital, Koto-ku,  Japan. (9)Colorectal Surgery, King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, London,  United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. (10)Gastroenterology, Centro Hospitalar de São João, E.P.E.
Author information: (1)Diagnostic & Interventional Neuroradiology Department, University Hospital  Basel, Basel, Switzerland. (2)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Neuroradiology, Inselspital  University Hospital Bern, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland. (3)Diagnostic and Interventional Neuroradiology, CIC-IT 1415, CHRU de Tours,  Tours, France. (4)Interventional Neuroradiology, Vall d'Hebron University Hospital, Barcelona,  Spain. (5)Interventional Neuroradiology, Hospital Clínico San Carlos, Madrid, Spain. (6)Stroke Unit, Department of Neurology, Hospital Clínico San Carlos, Madrid,  Spain. (7)Diagnostic and Interventional Neuroradiology, University Hospital Augsburg,  Augsburg, Germany. (8)Department of Radiology, Boston Medical Center, Boston University Chobanian &  Avedisian School of Medicine, Boston, MA, USA. (9)Stroke Center, Neurology Service, Department of Clinical Neurosciences,  Lausanne University Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (10)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, Medical Faculty and  University Hospital Düsseldorf, Heinrich-Heine-University Düsseldorf,  Düsseldorf, Germany. (11)UOSA Neuroradiologia Interventistica, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario  A. Gemelli IRCCS, Roma, Italy. (12)Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Roma, Italy. (13)Division of Neuroradiology, Geneva University Hospitals, Geneva,  Switzerland. (14)Department of Neurosurgery, Hyogo Medical University, Nishinomiya, Japan. (15)Institute of Neurological Sciences, Prince of Wales Hospital, Randwick, NSW,  Australia. (16)Prince of Wales Clinical School, University of New South Wales, Sydney, NSW,  Australia. (17)Department of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Cantonal Hospital Lucerne,  Lucerne, Switzerland. (18)Neurocenter, Cantonal Hospital of Lucerne, Lucerne, Switzerland. (19)Neuroradiology Unit, University Hospital A.O.U.
Immunotargets Ther. 2025 Aug 20;14:831-848. doi: 10.2147/ITT.S542176.
Author information: (1)Department of Biology, School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian  University of Athens, Athens, Greece. (2)Clinical Genomics and Pharmacogenomics Unit, 4th Pathology Clinic, School of  Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Athens, Greece. (3)Department of Clinical Genetics and Genomics, The Cyprus Institute of  Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus. (4)Department of Cytogenetics and Genomics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology  and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus. (5)Department of Basic and Clinical Sciences, University of Nicosia Medical  School, Nicosia, Cyprus. (6)Center of Basic Research, Biomedical Research Foundation of the Academy of  Athens, Athens, Greece. (7)Genosophy S.A., National and Kapodistrian University of Athens spin-off  company, Athens, Greece.
Conflict of interest statement: Author AE was employed by Genosophy S.A.,  National and Kapodistrian University of Athens spin-off company.
Oculocutaneous albinism type IA (OCA1A) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder  caused by variants in the TYR gene, resulting in complete loss of tyrosinase  activity and absence of melanin production. In this study, we report a novel  missense variant, TYR (NM_000372.5):c.143A>C (p.Gln48Pro), found within exon 1  and mapped to chr11: g.
Conflict of interest statement: None declared. In addition, as an Editorial  Board Member of Precision Clinical Medicine, the corresponding author G.V.G.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Organic Chemistry (LR17ES08), Faculty of Sciences, University  of Sfax Sfax 3038 Tunisia. (2)Namur Institute of Structured Matter, University of Namur Rue de Bruxelles,  61 Namur B-5000 Belgium. (3)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, University of Duhok Duhok 42001  Kurdistan Region Iraq. (4)Nursing Department, Bardarash Technical Institute, Akre University for  Applied Science Duhok 42001 Kurdistan Region Iraq. (5)Laboratory of Applied Thermodynamics and Molecular Modelling (LAT2M),  Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Tlemcen PB 119  Tlemcen 13000 Algeria. (6)Department of Physical Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Valencia  Av. Vicente Andrés Estellés s/n Valencia 46100 Spain. (7)Process and Environmental Engineering Laboratory (LIPE), Faculty of  Chemistry, University of Science and Technology of Oran Mohamed BOUDIAF P.O. Box  1503, El Mnaouer Oran 31000 Algeria.
Author information: (1)Stomatology Hospital, School of Stomatology, Zhejiang University School of  Medicine, Zhejiang Provincial Clinical Research Center for Oral Diseases, Key  Laboratory of Oral Biomedical Research of Zhejiang Province, Cancer Center of  Zhejiang University, Engineering Research Center of Oral Biomaterials and  Devices of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou, China (B.-Y.C., H.Z., M.Y., Q.C.,  S.
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) is a powerful imaging modality, increasingly  utilized in preclinical research, particularly in murine models. While CEUS  offers numerous advantages such as real-time imaging, noninvasiveness, and lack  of ionizing radiation, the lack of standardized protocols tailored specifically  to the mouse presents a challenge. This work offers a dedicated protocol for  CEUS in mice to enhance the reproducibility, reliability, and translatability of  preclinical findings.This dedicated protocol addresses the entire CEUS workflow,  from contrast agent preparation to animal handling, contrast agent  administration, and CEUS imaging parameters.With the proposed standardized  workflow establishing guidelines and best practices, researchers can leverage  CEUS more effectively, thereby accelerating translatability and the development  of innovative approaches to disease characterization, treatment, and management.
Author information: (1)Hepato-Biliary Surgery and Transplant Unit, IRCCS Azienda  Ospedaliero-Universitaria Di Bologna, Via Albertoni 15, 40138, Bologna, Italy.  matteo.serenari@gmail.com. (2)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, Alma Mater Studiorum, University  of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. matteo.serenari@gmail.com. (3)Hepatobiliary Surgery Division, IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute,  Milan, Italy. (4)Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan, Italy. (5)Department of HPB Surgery, University Hospital Southampton, Southampton, UK. (6)Hepatobiliary Surgery Unit, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli  IRCSS, Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Rome, Italy. (7)Department of Surgery, San Camillo Forlanini Hospital, Rome, Italy. (8)Department of Surgery, University Hospital of Pisa, Pisa, Italy. (9)Department of Radiology, IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Di Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. (10)Hepato-Biliary Surgery and Transplant Unit, IRCCS Azienda  Ospedaliero-Universitaria Di Bologna, Via Albertoni 15, 40138, Bologna, Italy. (11)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, Alma Mater Studiorum,  University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (12)General Surgery 2-Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Surgery and Liver Transplantation  Unit, Padua University Hospital, Padua, Italy. (13)General and Oncology Surgery, Morgagni-Pierantoni Hospital, Ausl Romagna,  Forlì, Italy. (14)Department of General Surgery and Transplantation, School of Medicine,  Niguarda Hospital-University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy. (15)Department of Radiology, IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, Milan,  Italy. (16)Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Surgery and Liver Transplantation Unit, University  of Modena and Reggio Emilia, Modena, Italy. (17)Hepatobiliary Surgery Unit, USL Toscana Centro-San Jacopo Hospital, Pistoia,  Italy. (18)Department of Surgery, Mauriziano Hospital, Turin, Italy. (19)HepatobiliaryPancreatic Surgery, Department of Experimental and Clinical  Medicine, University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (20)Department Abdominal Center, UPMC (University of Pittsburgh Medical Center),  90127, Palermo, Italy. (21)Department of Surgery and Medical and Surgical Specialties, University of  Catania, 95124, Catania, Italy. (22)Division of Surgical Oncology, Hepatobiliary Unit, Istituto Nazionale Tumori  IRCCS Fondazione "G. Pascale", Napoli, Italy. (23)Division of General Surgery 1, Department of Surgery, Fondazione IRCCS  Policlinico San Matteo, 27100, Pavia, Italy. (24)Regional Center for HPB Surgery, Regional Hospital of Treviso, Treviso,  Italy. (25)Department of Surgery, Division of HPB Surgery and Liver Transplantation,  Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale Tumori Di Milano, Milan, Italy. (26)Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan, Milan,  Italy. (27)Division of Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Surgery, "F. Miulli" General Hospital,  Acquaviva Delle Fonti, Bari, Italy. (28)HPB Surgery and Transplantation Unit, Department of Clinical and  Experimental Medicine, Polytechnic University of Marche, Ancona, Italy. (29)General Surgery 2U-Liver Transplant Unit, Department of Surgical Sciences,  Azienda Ospedaliero Universitaria Città Della Salute E Della Scienza Di Torino,  Università Di Torino, Turin, Italy. (30)School of Medicine and Surgery, Hepatobiliary Surgery, University of Milan  Bicocca, IRCCS San Gerardo, Monza, Italy. (31)Division of HPB, Minimally Invasive and Robotic Surgery, Transplantation  Service, Federico II University Hospital, Naples, Italy. (32)Division of General and Hepatobiliary Surgery, G.B, University of Verona,  Rossi University Hospital, Verona, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: I.S.F.
Author information: (1)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington School of Medicine,  Seattle, WA, USA. (2)Department of Genetics, Epigenetics Institute, Perelman School of Medicine,  University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (3)Core Unit Bioinformatics, Medical Faculty and University Hospital Düsseldorf,  Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (4)Center for Digital Medicine, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (5)The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT, USA. (6)Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC,  USA. (7)Center for Human Genetics, Clemson University, Greenwood, SC, USA. (8)Institute for Medical Biometry and Bioinformatics, Medical Faculty and  University Hospital Düsseldorf, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (9)Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric  Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. (10)Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA,  USA. (11)Department of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA. (12)Medical University of South Carolina, College of Graduate Studies,  Charleston, SC, USA. (13)Department of Quantitative and Computational Biology, University of Southern  California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (14)Pathos AI Inc., Chicago, IL, USA. (15)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hospital Hygiene, Medical Faculty,  Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (16)European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Wellcome Genome Campus, European  Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge, UK. (17)Department of Genetics, University of Groningen, University Medical Center  Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands. (18)Oncode Institute, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (19)Division of Computational Genomics and Systems Genetics, German Cancer  Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany. (20)Department of Biomedical Informatics and Data Science, Yale School of  Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA. (21)Department of Biomedical Informatics and Data Science, Heersink School of  Medicine, University of Alabama, Birmingham, AL, USA. (22)Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine,  Baltimore, MD, USA. (23)Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New  Haven, CT, USA. (24)Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New  Haven, CT, USA. (25)Department of Structural Biology, School of Medicine, Stanford University,  Stanford, CA, USA. (26)Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL),  Heidelberg, Germany. (27)UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA,  USA. (28)Genome Informatics Section, Center for Genomics and Data Science Research,  National Human Genome Research Institute, National Institutes of Health,  Bethesda, MD, USA. (29)Department of Computer and Information Sciences, College of Science and  Technology, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (30)Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine, Temple University,  Philadelphia, PA, USA. (31)Department of Data Science, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA. (32)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA,  USA. (33)Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Colorado School of  Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA. (34)Department of Immunology and Microbiology, University of Colorado School of  Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA. (35)Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki,  Helsinki, Finland. (36)Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of  Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (37)Stanford Health Care, Palo Alto, CA, USA. (38)New York Genome Center, New York, NY, USA. (39)Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC,  USA. mkonkel@clemson.edu. (40)Center for Human Genetics, Clemson University, Greenwood, SC, USA.  mkonkel@clemson.edu. (41)Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL),  Heidelberg, Germany. jan.korbel@embl.org. (42)The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT, USA.  Charles.Lee@jax.
This survey reports on the current practice and management of hemorrhagic  cystitis (HC) among the EBMT centers. The survey response rate was 27%. The  diagnostic search of BK polyomavirus (BKPyV) was available in 93% of centers and  performed in urine (100%), blood/plasma (51%), and serum (12%). Patient  screening for BKPyV infection was performed in 14% of centers before  hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT). In comparison, surveillance for BKPyV  infection was performed after HCT in 39% of centers, mainly with a frequency of  1-2 times/week. Preventative measures are based mainly on hyperhydration and  sodium 2-mercaptoethanesulphonate (Mesna), while the use of bladder catheter is  limited; moreover, 23% of centers used quinolones prophylaxis.The primary  therapeutic interventions are hyperhydration, Mesna, analgesics, and sustained  platelet transfusions; bladder irrigation by urinary catheter is adopted by  47-50% of centers.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: Research reported in this  publication was supported by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders  and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health, award number 1R01NS094444, and  the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National  Institutes of Health, award number UL1TR001412 to the University at Buffalo. The  content is solely the authors’ responsibility and does not necessarily represent  the official views of the National Institutes of Health. Conflicts of  Interest/Competing Interests: John J. Leddy, Mohammad N. Haider, Haley M.  Chizuk, Muhammad S.Z. Nazir, Phillip Worts, Barry S.
Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethical standards. Guarantor:  The scientific guarantor of this publication is Jooae Choe. Conflict of  interest: S.M.L.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of  Ibadan, 200005, Ibadan, Nigeria; Department of Pharmaceutical and Medicinal  Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Federal University, Oye-Ekiti, Ekiti, Nigeria.  Electronic address: solaleye5@gmail.com. (2)Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, Rivers State University,  P.M.B.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures G.J.R.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Biology and Medicine (FBM), University of Lausanne, Lausanne,  Switzerland. (2)Translational Imaging in Neurology (ThINk) Basel, Department of Biomedical  Engineering, Faculty of Medicine, University Hospital Basel and University of  Basel, Basel, Switzerland; Multiple Sclerosis Centre, Departments of Neurology,  Clinical Research and Biomedicine, University Hospital and University Basel,  Basel, Switzerland; Research Center for Clinical Neuroimmunology and  Neuroscience Basel (RC2NB), University Hospital Basel and University of Basel,  Basel, Switzerland. (3)Translational Imaging in Neurology (ThINk) Basel, Department of Biomedical  Engineering, Faculty of Medicine, University Hospital Basel and University of  Basel, Basel, Switzerland; Multiple Sclerosis Centre, Departments of Neurology,  Clinical Research and Biomedicine, University Hospital and University Basel,  Basel, Switzerland. (4)Diagnostic Department, Division of Neuroradiology, Geneva University  Hospital, Geneva, Switzerland. (5)Department of Clinical Neurosciences, Division of Neurology, Geneva  University Hospitals and Faculty of Medicine, University of Geneva, Geneva,  Switzerland. (6)Department of Clinical Neurosciences, Division of Neurology, Geneva  University Hospitals and Faculty of Medicine, University of Geneva, Geneva,  Switzerland. Electronic address: Agustina.Lascano@hug.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
PRE-ADOPTION: Endoscopists performing upper gastrointestinal (UGI) endoscopy  should train to recognize the appearance of early esophageal cancer and its  precursor lesions, for Barrett neoplasia and for squamous neoplasia, to improve  detection rates.Every endoscopist should have achieved competency in UGI  endoscopy before commencing training in optical diagnosis in the UGI tract, and  this requires personal experience of 300 UGI endoscopies and meeting the ESGE  quality measures for UGI endoscopy.
Conflict of interest statement: M. Barret has been paid for endoscopy training  sessions by Olympus (Jan 2023–Dec 2024) and for teaching interventions by  Medtronic (Jan 2020–Dec 2024). J.J. Bergman has received consultancy and  speaker’s fees from Olympus Tokyo (2015, ongoing) and speaker’s fees from  Fujifilm (2017–2019) and Pentax Endoscopy (2019, ongoing); his department has  received research support training programs from Olympus Tokyo (2019–2023),  Fujifilm (2017–2019), and Pentax Endoscopy (2019–2020).
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests K.C.A.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests The Johnstone lab  receives research funding from Pfizer, BMS, MycRx, and AstraZeneca. R.W.J.
Astragali Radix (AR), a homologous of medicine and food, has been extensively  recorded to possess a nephroprotective impact on individuals suffering from  chronic kidney disease (CKD). Astragaloside IV (ASIV) is one of the prominent  bioactive constituents derived from AR. This study aimed to investigate how ASIV  promotes M2 polarization of macrophages and whether this contributes to the  protection of podocytes from injury, using a combination of lipidomics and  molecular biology techniques.The effect of ASIV on adriamycin (ADR)-induced  renal injury in rats was evaluated in vivo, with a particular emphasis on  elucidating the potential involvement of macrophages.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: AC reports fees paid to his  institution as an invited speaker from Amgen, Foundation Medicine, Merck Serono  and Roche; fees paid to his institution for advisory board membership from  Amgen, AnHeart Therapeutics, Merck Serono, Roche and Transgene; personal fees  for editorial roles as Associate Editor for Annals of Oncology and ESMO Open and  as Editor for Cancer Treatment Reviews; institutional funding as principal  investigator (PI) from Actuate Therapeutic, Adaptimmune, Amcure, Amgen,  Astellas, AstraZeneca, Bayer, BeiGene, Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS), FibroGen,  Genentech, Lilly, MedImmune, Merck Serono, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), Natera,  Novartis, Servier, Sierra Oncology and Takeda; he reports a non-remunerated role  as General and Scientific Director of INCLIVA Biomedical Research Institute.  SRdeclares personal fees as an invited speaker from Amgen, MSD and Servier;  advisory board fees from Amgen, Servier and Sirtex; and institutional funding  from Ability Pharmaceuticals, Astellas, G1 Therapeutics, Hutchinson, Menarini,  Mirati, Novartis, Pfizer, Pierre Fabre, Roche and Seagen. NTdeclares advisory  board or speaker fees from Merck Serono, Servier, Pfizer, Natera and Guardant  Health. TF reports personal fees as an invited speaker from Amgen, Bayer,  Bristol and Servier; non-remunerated activities as principal investigator (PI)  for Adapt Immune, BeiGene and Daiichi Sankyo. V P-M reports consultancy for  Johnson and Johnson, Baxter and Smith & Nephew, has received honorarium for  speaking at symposia and workshops by Johnson and Johnson, Medtronic and Braun  Medical and support for attending meetings by Takeda. AP reports institutional  research funding from GlaxoSmithKline and Amgen, personal fees as an invited  speaker from Pierre Fabre, Servier, Amgen, Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS), and  Daiichi Sankyo, advisory or consulting roles with GlaxoSmithKline, Takeda  Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi  Montalcini, 4, 20072 Pieve Emanuele, Milan, Italy; IRCCS Humanitas Research  Hospital, Milan, Italy. Electronic address: paolo.bossi@hunimed.eu. (2)Department of Medical Oncology and Hematology, Cancer Center, Kobe University  Hospital, 7-5-2 Kusuoki-cho, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0017, Japan. Electronic  address: nkiyota@med.kobe-u.ac.jp. (3)Medical Oncology Department, Catalan Institute of Oncology (ICO),  Badalona-Applied Research Group in Oncology (B-ARGO), Germans Trias i Pujol  Research Institute (IGTP), Carretera de Can Ruti, Camí de les Escoles, s/n,  08916 Badalona, Spain. Electronic address: rmesia@iconcologia.net. (4)University of Chicago Medicine, 5841 S Maryland Ave, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.  Electronic address: arirosenberg@bsd.uchicago.edu. (5)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Toronto,  600 University Ave #401, Toronto, ON M5G 1X5, Canada; Krembil Research  Institute, University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada; Department of  Speech-Language Pathology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.  Electronic address: rosemary.martino@utoronto.ca. (6)Department of Medical Oncology, Mayo Clinic, 200 1st St NW, Rochester, MN  55905, USA. Electronic address: Fazer.Casey@mayo.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)School of Biological Sciences, Faculty of Environmental and Life Sciences,  University of Southampton, SO17 1BJ, Southampton, UK. C.J.Highmore@soton.
Author information: (1)Department of Dentistry, Henan Provincial Key Medicine Laboratory of Nursing,  Henan Provincial People's Hospital, Zhengzhou University People's Hospital,  Henan University People's Hospital, Zhengzhou, 450003, Henan, China. (2)Department of Anatomy, Peoples University of Medical and Health Sciences,  Nawabshah, Pakistan. mumtazdr2005@yahoo.com. (3)Department of Anatomy, Peoples University of Medical and Health Sciences,  Nawabshah, Pakistan. (4)Institute of Biological Sciences, Khwaja Fareed University of Engineering and  Information Technology, Rahim Yar Khan, Pakistan. (5)Research Chair of Biomedical Applications of Nanomaterials, Biochemistry  Department, College of Science, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. (6)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. (7)Faculty of Science, Zarqa University, Zarqa, 13110, Jordan. (8)Department of Food Sciences and Nutrition, College of Food and Agricultural  Sciences, King Saud University, P.O. Box 270677, Riyadh, 11352, Saudi Arabia.
ObjectiveRecurrent or growing non-acute subdural hematoma (SDH) following  standalone or adjunctive middle meningeal artery embolization (MMAe) present a  complex clinical challenge. This study aims to investigate the multifactorial  causes of recurrence and growing SDH, including vascular and systemic  contributors, and explores management strategies to improve outcomes.MethodsWe  conducted a retrospective analysis of 22 patients with non-acute SDH requiring  rescue treatment after adjunctive or stand-alone MMAe.
Author information: (1)Oxford Vaccine Group, University of Oxford, UK. Electronic address:  g.li@nhs.net. (2)Oxford Vaccine Group, University of Oxford, UK. (3)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust and Faculty of Medicine and  Institute for Life Sciences, University of Southampton, Southampton, UK. (4)Vaccine Institute, St George's, University of London and St George's  University Hospitals NHS Trust, London, UK. (5)Bristol Royal Hospital for Children, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. (6)Oxford Vaccine Group, University of Oxford, UK; Chinese Academy of Medical  Sciences Oxford Institute, Oxford, UK. (7)Oxford Vaccine Group, University of Oxford, UK; Oxford NIHR Biomedical  Research Centre, Oxford, UK, Oxford, UK. (8)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  robert.aley@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (9)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  rachel.anslow@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (10)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust; Faculty of Medicine and  Institute for Life Sciences, University of Southampton, Southampton, UK.  Electronic address: k.cathie@soton.ac.uk. (11)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  rachel.cooper@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (12)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  shuo.feng@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (13)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  simon.kerridge@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (14)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  alice.lelliott@nhs.net. (15)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  yama.mujadidi@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (16)Bristol Royal Hospital for Children. Electronic address:  khuenfoong.ng@nhs.net. (17)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford; Oxford University  Hospitals NHS Trust. Electronic address: sarah.rhead@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (18)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  nisha.singh@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (19)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  david.smith@ndorms.ox.ac.uk. (20)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  karly.tang@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (21)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  andy.yao@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (22)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford; Oxford University  Hospitals NHS Trust. Electronic address: ruth.drury@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (23)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford; Oxford University  Hospitals NHS Trust. Electronic address: emily.lees@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (24)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  helen.ratcliffe@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (25)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. (26)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  stanislava.koleva@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (27)Oxford Vaccine Group, Department of Paediatrics, Churchill Centre for  Vaccinology and Tropical Medicine, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  jill.muller@paediatrics.ox.ac.uk. (28)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  danielle.woods@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (29)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  sophie.davies@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (30)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  egaliza@sgul.ac.uk. (31)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  nsutton@sgul.ac.uk. (32)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  jpearce@sgul.ac.uk. (33)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  chultin@sgul.ac.uk. (34)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  ldelunag@sgul.ac.uk. (35)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  nicole.branch@nhs.net. (36)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  zdanos@sgul.ac.uk. (37)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  ebeales@sgul.ac.uk. (38)Paediatric Infectious Diseases Research Group, Institute of Infection and  Immunity, St George's, University of London. Electronic address:  ssapuan@sgul.ac.uk. (39)University of Bristol. Electronic address: adam.boon@bristol.ac.uk. (40)Faculty of Medicine and Institute for Life Sciences, University of  Southampton, Southampton, UK. Electronic address: ir13772@bristol.ac.uk. (41)University of Bristol. Electronic address: sam.thomson-hill@bristol.ac.uk. (42)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  leila.godfrey@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (43)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  helen.sanders@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (44)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  jamie.fowler@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (45)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  reece.mabbett@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (46)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  hannah.sharpe@seh.ox.ac.uk. (47)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  emma.sheehan@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (48)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  jeremy.aboagye@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (49)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  marta.ulaszewska@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (50)Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. Electronic address:  amy.flaxman@ndm.ox.ac.uk. (51)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  d.owens@soton.ac.uk. (52)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  a.munro@soton.ac.uk. (53)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  abigail.oliver@uhs.nhs.uk. (54)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  jonathan.baker@uhs.nhs.uk. (55)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  sally.salter@uhs.nhs.uk. (56)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  rachel.brampton@uhs.nhs.uk. (57)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  louise.haskell@uhs.nhs.uk. (58)NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility and Biomedical Research Centre,  University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust. Electronic address:  Wythehi.Ambihapathy@uhs.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Applied Sciences, University of West Bohemia, Plzen, Czech  Republic; Czech Institute of Informatics, Robotics, and Cybernetics, Czech  Technical University in Prague, Prague, Czech Republic. Electronic address:  sejakm@ntis.zcu.cz. (2)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (3)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA; Czech Institute of  Informatics, Robotics, and Cybernetics, Czech Technical University in Prague,  Prague, Czech Republic; Faculty of Biomedical Engineering, Czech Technical  University in Prague, Kladno, Czech Republic. (4)International Clinical Research Center and Neurology Department, St Anne's  Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic. (5)Center for Sleep Medicine, Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine,  Department of Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (6)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA; Center for Sleep  Medicine, Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Department of  Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (7)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA; Department of  Physiology and Biomedical Engineering, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (8)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA; Czech Institute of  Informatics, Robotics, and Cybernetics, Czech Technical University in Prague,  Prague, Czech Republic. Electronic address: Kremen.Vaclav@mayo.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Vaclav Kremen reports a  relationship with Certicon a.s that includes: consulting or advisory. G.A.W.
Author information: (1)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Seoul National University  College of Medicine, Seoul, 03080, South Korea. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Seoul National University Graduate School,  Seoul, 03080, South Korea. (3)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California,  Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, U.S.A.
Author information: (1)State Key Laboratory of Applied Organic Chemistry, Key Laboratory of  Nonferrous Metal Chemistry and Resources Utilization of Gansu Province, College  of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou 730000, P.R.  China.
Author information: (1)Department of Analytical Biochemistry, University of Groningen, Antonius  Deusinglaan 1, 9713 AV Groningen, The Netherlands. (2)Quantall B.V., L.J. Zielstraweg 1, 9713 GX Groningen, The Netherlands.
Author information: (1)Molecular Epidemiology Research Group, Max-Delbrueck-Center for Molecular  Medicine in the Helmholtz Association (MDC), Berlin, Germany. (2)Department of Epidemiological Methods and Etiological Research, Leibniz  Institute for Prevention Research and Epidemiology-BIPS, Bremen, Germany. (3)Faculty of Human and Health Sciences, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany. (4)Nutrition and Metabolism Branch, International Agency for Research on Cancer  (IARC-WHO), World Health Organization, Lyon, France. (5)Department of Epidemiology, University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center,  Houston, Texas, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: G. Timoçin  Yığman and H. Özen Atalay declare that they have no competing interests. This  retrospective study was conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki  and approved by the Biomedical Research Ethics Committee of Koc University with  a reference number of 2025.094.IRB2.
Chronic pain affects nearly 100 million adults in the U.S., yet few novel  therapeutics have emerged in recent decades.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.C.F.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: This Comment emerged from  an initiative of the PROTEUS Consortium. The PROTEUS Consortium is funded by  independent education grants from Pfizer, which had no role in the design and  conduct of the study; collection, management, analysis, and interpretation of  the data; preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript; or decision to  submit the manuscript for publication. N.L.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.C. is a (co)founder of  EvolveImmune Therapeutics, Cellinfinity Bio, MagicTime Medicine and Chen  Consulting, all unrelated to this study.
Author information: (1)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine,  Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul, Korea. bkong@hsph.harvard.edu. (2)Department of Molecular Metabolism, T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Harvard University, Boston, MA, 02115, USA.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 25:ajnr.A8984.
Author information: (1)From the center for Advanced Imaging Innovation and research (CAI2R) &  Bernard and Irene Schwartz Center for Biomedical Imaging, Department of  radiology (A.A, Y.Q, H.L, Y.W.L), New York University Grossman School of  Medicine, New York, NY, USA; Radiology Sciences Laboratory (F.B), Stanford  University, School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, USA; Department of Imaging and  Pathology (G.S, J.N), KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 25:ajnr.A8976.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the lumbosacral plexus (LSP) is a critical  tool for evaluating pelvic and lower extremity peripheral nerve disorders. The  rarity of this exam type and the complexity of underlying anatomy can produce  challenges for interpretation. This pictorial review outlines a structured  approach for evaluating lumbosacral plexus MRI (LSP MRI), emphasizing key  imaging anatomy, MRI protocols, and a spectrum of commonly encountered  pathologies to aid radiologists in interpretating LSP MRI. Anatomic variants and  age-related changes in nerve morphology can further complicate evaluation,  necessitating a systematic approach. We discuss the appearance of neoplastic,  traumatic, infectious/inflammatory, treatment-related, and compressive  etiologies. A search pattern and reporting pearls are provided to facilitate  efficient assessment of lumbosacral plexus MRI.ABBREVIATIONS: LSP＝lumbosacral  plexus; CIDP = chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy; HASTE =  Half-Fourier Acquisition Single-Shot Turbo Spin Echo; STIR: Short Tau Inversion  Recovery; TSE = Turbo Spin Echo; VIBE = Volumetric Interpolated Breath-Hold  Examination; 3D DW-PSIF = Three-Dimensional Diffusion-Weighted Reversed Fast  Imaging with Steady-State Free Precession; FS = Fat Saturated; ISO = Isotropic;  TRA: Transaxial; SPACE = Sampling Perfection with Application-optimized  Contrasts using different flip angle Evolution; DWI =Diffusion-Weighted Imaging.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 25:ajnr.A8983.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Biotechnology, Karpagam Academy of Higher Education (Deemed to  be University), Coimbatore 641021, Tamil Nadu, India; Centre for Active  Pharmaceutical Ingredients, Karpagam Academy of Higher Education (Deemed to be  University), Coimbatore 641021, Tamil Nadu, India. Electronic address:  sathibabu.u@gmail.com. (2)Department of Pharmacology, ESIC Medical College and Hospital, K.K. Nagar,  Chennai 600078, Tamil Nadu, India.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)MAFLD Research Center, Department of Hepatology, the First Affiliated  Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, China. (2)Medical Care Center, the First Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical  University, Institute of Aging, Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, Zhejiang,  32500, China. (3)Department of Internal Medicine, Yonsei University College of Medicine,  Seoul, Republic of Korea. (4)Medical Data Analytics Centre, Department of Medicine and Therapeutics, The  Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China; State Key Laboratory of  Digestive Disease, Institute of Digestive Disease, The Chinese University of  Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China. (5)Section of Gastroenterology, PROMISE, University of Palermo, Italy. (6)Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Yokohama City University  Graduate School of Medicine, Yokohama, Japan. (7)University College London Institute for Liver and Digestive Health, Royal  Free Hospital, London, United Kingdom. (8)Department of Hepatology, Hangzhou Normal University Affiliated Hospital,  Hangzhou, China. (9)Gastroenterology and Hepatology Unit, Department of Medicine, Faculty of  Medicine, University of Malaya, Malaysia. (10)Hepato-Gastroenterology and Digestive Oncology Department, Angers University  Hospital, Angers, France. (11)Department of Medical Sciences, Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology,  A.O. Città della Salute e della Scienza di Torino, University of Turin, Turin,  Italy.
Copyright © 2025 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by  Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Microbiota I-Center (MagIC), The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong  SAR, China. (2)New Cornerstone Science Laboratory, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong  Kong SAR, China. (3)Department of Anaesthesia and Intensive Care, Faculty of Medicine, The  Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. (4)Li Ka Shing Institute of Health Sciences, State Key Laboratory of Digestive  Disease, Institute of Digestive Disease, The Chinese University of Hong Kong,  Hong Kong SAR, China. (5)Jockey Club School of Public Health and Primary Care, Faculty of Medicine,  The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. (6)Centre for Health Education and Health Promotion, Faculty of Medicine, The  Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. (7)SH Ho Research Centre for Infectious Diseases, Faculty of Medicine, The  Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. (8)School of Biomedical Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin,  New Territories, Hong Kong SAR, China. (9)Department of Medicine and Therapeutics, Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese  University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. (10)Microbiota I-Center (MagIC), The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong  SAR, China. fklchan@cuhk.edu.hk. (11)Li Ka Shing Institute of Health Sciences, State Key Laboratory of Digestive  Disease, Institute of Digestive Disease, The Chinese University of Hong Kong,  Hong Kong SAR, China. fklchan@cuhk.edu.hk. (12)Centre for Gut Microbiota Research, Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese  University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China. fklchan@cuhk.edu.hk. (13)The D.H. Chen Foundation Hub of Advanced Technology for Child Health  (HATCH), The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: F.K.L.C serves as the  Principal Investigator for the Faecal Microbiota Transplantation Service under  the Hospital Authority (HA).
Author information: (1)Botany and Microbiology Department, Faculty of Science, Benha University,  Benha, Egypt. (2)Department of Clinical Trial Research Unit and Drug Discovery, Egyptian Liver  Research Institute and Hospital (ELRIAH), Mansoura, Egypt.  aelmetwalli@ut.edu.sa. (3)Prince Fahad bin Sultan Chair for Biomedical Research, University of Tabuk,  Tabuk, Saudi Arabia. aelmetwalli@ut.edu.sa. (4)Department of Applied Medical Chemistry, Medical Research Institute,  Alexandria University, Alexandria, Egypt. (5)Key Laboratory of Epigenetics and Oncology, The Research Center for  Preclinical Medicine, Southwest Medical University, Luzhou, 646000, China. (6)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, Riyadh 11451, P.O. Box 2455, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The EXSCEL study protocol was approved by the ethics committee at  each participating site, and the statistical analyses were performed by the Duke  Clinical Research Institute, independent of the sponsor, Amylin Pharmaceuticals  (a wholly owned subsidiary of AstraZeneca). All patients provided written  informed consent. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests:  R.J.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was conducted in accordance with all applicable ethical  guidelines and regulatory standards, including the U.S. Code of Federal  Regulations and the Declaration of Helsinki.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval and consent to  participate: This study was approved by Kyoto University and Graduate School and  Faculty of Medicine, Ethics Committee (R3714) and did not require individual  consent because the data were anonymized. This study adhered to the principles  of the Declaration of Helsinki. The need for informed consent was waived by  Kyoto University and Graduate School and Faculty of Medicine, Ethics Committee.  Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: K.M has been  employed by the Department of Digital Health and Epidemiology with support from  Eisai Co.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
The accurate diagnosis of pathogenic variants is essential for effective  clinical decision making within precision medicine programs. Despite significant  advances in both the quality and quantity of molecular patient data, diagnostic  rates remain suboptimal for many inherited diseases. As such, prioritisation and  identification of pathogenic disease-causing variants remains a complex and  rapidly evolving field. This review explores the latest technological and  computational options being used to increase genetic diagnosis rates in  precision medicine programs.While interpreting genetic variation via standards  such as ACMG guidelines is increasingly being recognized as a gold standard  approach, the underlying datasets and algorithms recommended are often slow to  incorporate additional data types and methodologies.
Author information: (1)Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering, Material Science Center,  Khalifa University of Science and Technology, P.O. Box 127788, Abu Dhabi, United  Arab Emirates.
Author information: (1)Force Health Protection and Preventive Medicine, 65th Medical Brigade/US Army  MEDDAC-Korea, Unit 15281, APO AP, 96271-5281, USA. (2)PSC450, Box 75R, APO AP, 96206, USA. (3)Department of Microbiology, Korea University College of Medicine, Seoul,  02841, Republic of Korea. (4)Institute for Viral Diseases, Korea University College of Medicine, Seoul,  02841, Republic of Korea. (5)Department of Microbiology, College of Medicine, Hallym University,  Chuncheon, 24252, Republic of Korea. (6)U Inc, 169-23, Gasan Digital 2-ro, Geumcheon-gu, Seoul, 08504, Republic of  Korea. (7)BK21 Graduate Program, Department of Biomedical Sciences, Korea University  College of Medicine, Seoul, 02841, Republic of Korea. (8)3rd R&D Institute, Agency for Defense Development, 5th Directorate, P.O. Box  35, Yuseong, Daejeon, Republic of Korea.
Author information: (1)Department of Physics and Astronomy, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT,  84602, USA. (2)Department of Nutrition, Dietetics, and Food Science, Brigham Young  University, Provo, UT, 84602, USA. (3)Department of Physics and Astronomy, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT,  84602, USA. Dennis.DellaCorte@byu.
Author information: (1)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery and Liver Transplantation, Liver Cancer  Institute, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Key Laboratory of  Carcinogenesis and Cancer Invasion, Ministry of Education, Shanghai 200032, P.R.  China.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Approvals were obtained from the Regional Danish Committee on  Biomedical Research Ethics and the Danish Medicines Agency (EU CT number:  2022-500657-17-00). The trial was conducted in accordance with the Declaration  of Helsinki and the International Council for Harmonisation Good Clinical  Practice guidelines, and all participants provided written consent. Consent for  publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: KGS has served on a Sanofi  advisory board. MML, NS, JBH, and RCH are full-time employees of Sanofi and may  own shares and/or stock options in the company. CSL has received speaker fees  and served on advisory boards for GSK, MSD, Pfizer, Takeda, and Valneva. BLC has  received consulting fees from Amgen, Cardurion, Corvia, Myokardia, and Novartis.  SDS has received research grants from Actelion, Alnylam, Amgen, AstraZeneca,  Bellerophon, Bayer, BMS, Celladon, Cytokinetics, Eidos, Gilead, GSK, Ionis,  Lilly, Mesoblast, MyoKardia, NIH/NHLBI, Neurotronik, Novartis, Novo Nordisk,  Respicardia, Sanofi, Theracos, US2.AI and consulted for Abbott, Action, Akros,  Alnylam, Amgen, Arena, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, BMS, Cardior,  Cardurion, Corvia, Cytokinetics, Daiichi-Sankyo, GSK, Lilly, Merck, Myokardia,  Novartis, Roche, Theracos, Quantum Genomics, Cardurion, Janssen, Cardiac  Dimensions, Tenaya, Sanofi, Dinaqor, Tremeau, CellProThera, Moderna, American  Regent, Sarepta, Lexicon, Anacardio, Akros, and Puretech Health.
Author information: (1)H.E.J.
Conflict of interest statement: R.D. reports grants from UK Cystic Fibrosis  Trust and Action Medical Research and honoraria for presentations from Vertex  Pharmaceuticals.
Author information: (1)Department of Health Promotion, NUTRIM Institute of Nutrition and  Translational Research in Metabolism, Maastricht University Medical Center+,  P.O. Box 616, 6200 MD Maastricht, The Netherlands.
ObjectivesImmortal time bias (ITB) occurs when a period during which, by design,  participants cannot experience the outcome (like death) is incorrectly included  in the treatment group's follow-up, artificially making the treatment look  better than it truly is. We aimed to identify a systematic sample of cases of  ITB in the literature of studies using survival analysis and assess the impact  of ITB on the results.DesignMeta-epidemiological study  (PROSPERO[CRD42022356073]).SettingWe searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase and  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from database inception to August 2024.
Author information: (1)Department of Kinesiology, University of Georgia, Athens, GA, USA.  Shannon.Schueren@uga.
BACKGROUND: Continuing education (CE) for chiropractors is mandated by state  licensing boards to ensure ongoing learning and to maintain professional  excellence. While incorporating research into CE programs is crucial for  practitioners to remain dynamic and evidence-based, conducting research and  academic pursuits is necessary for further development of the profession. We  hypothesized that fewer U.S. states would provide CE credit for the completion  of research or higher-education teaching activities within the chiropractic  profession compared to other health professions.
Author information: (1)Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa, CAPRISA, Durban,  South Africa. Sharana.Mahomed@caprisa.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was approved by the University of KwaZulu-Natal  Biomedical Research Ethics Committee. All participants provided informed  consent. Consent for publication: Participants provided consent for the  publication of their data for research purposes. Data were de-identified for  analysis to protect confidentiality. Competing interests: A.S., J.E., and D.W.  are employed by bioLytical laboratories.
Author information: (1)Privolzhsky Research Medical University, Nizhny Novgorod, 603081, Russia. (2)A.V. Gaponov-Grekhov Institute of Applied Physics of the Russian Academy of  Sciences, Nizhny Novgorod, 603950, Russia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: M.E.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: I.G.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: Y.T. and Y.O.  have patent JP7478408 for the method to identify sample (participant)-specific  network profiles, that is, ECvs, RC values, and PathRC values, used in this  study.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: D.Aa.
Author information: (1)Functional Neurosurgery Research Center, Shohada Tajrish Neurosurgical Center  of Excellence, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran. (2)Neurology Department, School of Medicine, Isfahan University of Medical  Sciences, Isfahan, Iran. (3)Neurology Department, School of Medicine, Non-Communicable Disease Research  Center, Rafsanjan University of Medical Sciences, Rafsanjan, Iran. (4)Department of Neurology, Kerman University of Medical Sciences, Kerman, Iran. (5)Cell Science Research Center, Royan Institute, Tehran, Iran. (6)Department of Neurology, Semnan University of Medical Sciences, Semnan, Iran. (7)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, K.N.  Toosi University of Technology, Tehran, Iran.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethics approval and consent to participate: This  study was approved by the Ethical Committee of the Faculty of Dentistry/Faculty  of Pharmacy, Mahidol University COA.NO.MU-DT/PY-IRB 2021/092.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The Institutional Review Board of Samsung Medical Center approved  this study (No. 2021-02-135). All participants provided their informed consent  to participate in the study, and all methods were in accordance with the  Declaration of Helsinki. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: Henrik Zetterberg has served at scientific advisory boards and/or as  a consultant for Abbvie, Acumen, Alector, Alzinova, ALZPath, Amylyx, Annexon,  Apellis, Artery Therapeutics, AZTherapies, Cognito Therapeutics, CogRx, Denali,  Eisai, Merry Life, Nervgen, Novo Nordisk, Optoceutics, Passage Bio, Pinteon  Therapeutics, Prothena, Red Abbey Labs, reMYND, Roche, Samumed, Siemens  Healthineers, Triplet Therapeutics, and Wave, has delivered lectures in symposia  sponsored by Alzecure, Biogen, Cellectricon, Fujirebio, Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and  Roche, and is a co-founder of Brain Biomarker Solutions in Gothenburg AB (BBS),  which is a part of the GU Ventures Incubator Program (outside submitted  work).Kaj Blennow has served as a consultant and on advisory boards for Abbvie,  AC Immune, ALZPath, AriBio, BioArctic, Biogen, Eisai, Lilly, Moleac Pte.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests GJB receives speakers’ fees  for talks on pain and rehabilitation. LM has no conflicts of interest relating  to this work. RP receives speakers’ fees for talks on pain and rehabilitation,  is a director of the not-for-profit organisation, Train Pain Academy, and serves  as a councillor for the International Association for the Study of Pain. PCC has  no conflicts of interest relating to this work. PRK is the sole proprietor of  Blueprint Analytics, and is a consultant for Partners in Research. MRH receives  speakers’ fees for talks on pain and science policy. ASCR interests occurring in  last 24 months: Officer (President-Elect) of International Association for the  Study of Pain. ASCR undertakes consultancy and advisory board work for Imperial  College Consultants- in the last24 months this has included remunerated work  for: AstraZeneca, Pharmnovo, Confo and Combigene. Member Joint Committee on  Vaccine and Immunisation- varicella sub-committee. Analgesic Clinical Trial  Translation: Innovations, Opportunities, and Networks (ACTTION) steering  committee member. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA),  Commission on Human Medicines - Neurology, Pain & Psychiatry Expert Advisory  Group. Grants and studentships - UKRI (Medical Research Council & BBSRC), Versus  Arthritis, Alan and Sheila Diamond Trust, Royal British Legion, European  Commission, Ministry of Defence, Dr Jennie Gwynn Bequests, The British Pain  Society, Royal Society of Medicine. ASCR is named as an inventor on patents:  Rice A.S.C.
Author information: (1)Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. (2)Doctor of Physical Therapy Division, Duke University School of Medicine,  Durham, North Carolina. (3)Department of Nutrition, Harvard T.H. Chan Public Health School, Harvard  University, Boston, Massachusetts.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: Y.-N. Chen, None; Y.-J. Hsueh, None;  C.-K. Chang, None; P.-Y. Wu, None; Y.-T. Tsao, None; Y.-H. Chen, None; E.Y.-C.
BackgroundRecruitment is a necessary, yet challenging component to clinical  trial implementation. Using intentional strategies to meet enrollment goals is  important to ensure the recruited sample adequately reflects the intended study  population. Outreach via electronic health record (EHR) patient portals is a  promising strategy. While identifying potentially eligible individuals in the  EHR is largely accepted as effective, little is known about the effectiveness of  outreach via EHR compared to outreach via traditional electronic mail (email)  communication given equivalent population identification strategies.MethodsThis  study was conducted using recruitment data from one of four study locations  participating in the LEAP study, a multi-site, double-blind, placebo-controlled  trial studying the long-term use of phentermine on weight loss and blood  pressure.
Author information: (1)University of Cambridge Metabolic Research Laboratories and National  Institute for Health Research Cambridge Biomedical Research Centre, Institute of  Metabolic Science, Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge, U.K. (2)Department of Metabolism, Digestion & Reproduction, Imperial College London,  London, U.K. (3)Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Royal Berkshire National  Health Service Foundation Trust, Reading, U.K. (4)Department of Histopathology, Cambridge University Hospitals National Health  Service Foundation Trust, Cambridge, U.K. (5)Department of Radiology, Cambridge University Hospitals National Health  Service Foundation Trust, Cambridge, U.K. (6)National Institute for Health Research Clinical Research Facility, Cambridge  University Hospitals National Health Service Foundation Trust, Cambridge, U.K. (7)Early Cancer Institute, Hutchinson Research Centre, and Department of  Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, U.K. (8)Section of Endocrinology, Imperial College London, London, U.K. (9)Paediatric Liver Centre, King's College Hospital, London, U.
Author information: (1)CIBER Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y Nutrición (CIBERobn), Instituto de  Salud Carlos III, Madrid, Spain; and University of Navarra, Department of  Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Instituto de Investigación Sanitario de  Navarra (IdiSNA), Pamplona, Spain (M.R.-C.
BackgroundThe anatomy and morphology of the aortic arch and its supra-aortic  arteries can vary significantly among individual patients. This variability may  have a particular relevance in cardiovascular procedures or interventions, and  specifically during the use of mechanical circulatory support. This importance  accounts for a specific influence on hemodynamics in veno-arterial  extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (V-A ECMO) through an axillary/subclavian  artery access. The related hemodynamic effects and interplay with native cardiac  blood flow dynamics have been poorly investigated.MethodsTo assess the existing  patterns of aortic arch and related supra-aortic artery morphology, thoracic  computed tomography (CT) scans of patients undergoing pre-procedural  (trans-catheter aortic valve or aortic or other cardiovascular surgery)  assessment were investigated.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Informatics and Data Science, and Department of Neurology, Yale  School of Medicine, New Haven, CT (L.H.S.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychology, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Statistics, Computer Science, Applications (DiSIA), University  of Florence, Florence, Italy. (3)Unit of Pediatric Neurology, C.O.A.L.A.
Candida parapsilosis is an opportunistic yeast pathogen that can cause  life-threatening infections in immunocompromised humans. Whole-genome sequencing  studies of the species have demonstrated remarkably low diversity, with strains  typically differing by about 1.5 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) per 10  kb. However, SNP calling alone does not capture the full extent of genetic  variation. Here, we define the pangenome of 372 C. parapsilosis isolates to  determine variation in gene content. The pangenome consists of 5,859 genes, of  which 48 are not found in the genome of the reference strain. This includes  5,791 core genes (present in ≥99.5% of isolates). Four genes, including the  allantoin permease gene DAL4, were present in all isolates but were truncated in  some strains. The truncated DAL4 was classified as a pseudogene in the reference  strain CDC317. CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing showed that removing the early stop  codon (producing the full-length Dal4 protein) is associated with improved use  of allantoin as a sole nitrogen source. We find that the accessory genome of C.  parapsilosis consists of 68 homologous clusters. This includes 38 previously  annotated genes, 27 novel paralogs of previously annotated genes, and 3  uncharacterized open reading frames. Approximately one-third of the accessory  genome (24/68 genes) is associated with gene fusions between tandem genes in the  major facilitator superfamily. Additionally, we identified two highly divergent  C. parapsilosis strains and found that, despite their increased phylogenetic  distance (~30 SNPs per 10 kb), both strains have similar gene content to the  other 372.IMPORTANCECandida parapsilosis is a human fungal pathogen listed in  the high-priority group by the World Health Organization.
PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) are small regulatory RNAs (21-35 nucleotides)  exclusively expressed in germ cells, where they play a critical role in  transposable element repression and post-meiotic gene regulation. The  poly(A)-specific RNase-like domain-containing 1 (PNLDC1) protein is essential  for piRNA maturation, specifically in 3'-end trimming. Disruption of PNLDC1 has  been implicated in nonobstructive azoospermia (NOA) and male infertility.  Through whole-exome sequencing, we identified a compound heterozygous mutation  (MT1 c.449G > A, p.Trp150* and MT2 c.
BACKGROUND: Aseptic loosening is the most common cause of failure of cemented  femoral stems. This complication, which is directly related to cementation  quality, can be assessed radiographically using the Gruen or Barrack bone  cementation quality grading systems. However, the reproducibility of these  grading systems is uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the intra-  and interobserver reproducibility of these two grading systems for the  assessment of the bone-cement and cement-prosthesis interfaces. METHODS: Three observers independently evaluated bone cementation quality  according to the Barrack and Gruen systems on radiographs obtained from 40  patients (80 radiographs; anterior-posterior [AP] and axial views) who had  undergone cemented hip hemiarthroplasty after intracapsular femoral fracture.  The 40 patients were randomly selected from 152 consecutive cases. The  radiographs were evaluated twice over a 4-week period, once with the Barrack  system and once with the Gruen system, in random order. In all cases, the same  type of femoral stem and cement was used. The weighted kappa coefficient was  determined to assess intraobserver and interobserver agreement. RESULTS: Most cases were classified as either Barrack B or C (72.8%). In the AP  view, radiolucencies were present in 54.9% (95% CI: 46.6-63.1) of cases in the  bone-cement interface (Gruen zones). For the Barrack system, the weighted kappa  ranged from 0.42 to 0.57 for the intraobserver analysis and from 0.22 to 0.32  for the interobserver analysis, indicating a fair to moderate strength of  agreement. The corresponding coefficients for the Gruen system were 0.40-0.55  (intraobserver) and 0.08-0.28 (interobserver), indicating a slight to moderate  strength of agreement. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study suggest that the Gruen and Barrack  cementation grading systems are not sufficiently reliable to accurately evaluate  cement mantle quality at the bone-cement and cement-prosthesis interfaces.  Consequently, the routine use of these grading systems in hip orthopaedic  practices should be reconsidered.Level of Evidence: Level IV.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to  declare. S.A.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, San Jose State University, San Jose,  California 95192, United States. (2)Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, U.S. Food and Drug  Administration, Silver Spring, Maryland 20993, United States.
Author information: (1)Department of Basic Sciences, Delta University for Science and Technology,  Gamasa, Mansoura, Egypt. (2)Department of Physics, Faculty of Sciences-Arar, Northern Border University,  P.O. Box 1321, 91431 Arar, Saudi Arabia.
Background. A barrier to early-stage oral cavity cancer detection is the lack of  a defined population and screening regimen satisfying risk-benefit  considerations. Methods. We constructed a microsimulation model, Simulation of  Cancers of the Oral cavity and Risk Exposures (SCORE), that incorporates risk  profiles defined by smoking and alcohol exposure. SCORE simulates the  development and progression of oral potentially malignant disorders (OPMD)  representing benign, dysplastic, or malignant lesions in the US population  starting at age 40 y. OPMD high-risk characteristics of malignant transformation  informed a biopsy decision rule. SCORE was calibrated to national cancer  registry data. We compared life expectancy in those aged 40 to 60 y with OPMDs,  cancer incidence, and cancer-specific deaths across screening strategies with  and without the biopsy decision rule, assuming screening every 3 y starting at  age 50 y. Results. In US men, all screening strategies reduced cancer incidence  and cancer-specific mortality by at least 26% and 20% compared with no  screening. Whether with or without a biopsy decision rule, life expectancy among  those aged 40 to 60 y with OPMDs was 36.37 ± 0.01 life-years, a gain of 0.03  life-years. However, the use of the biopsy rule improved diagnostic efficiency  with 8 biopsies per treatable diagnosis. Screening with or without the biopsy  decision rule in high-risk men demonstrated comparable benefit, reducing  cancer-specific deaths by 27% and incidence by 20% compared with no screening.  Meanwhile, in the non-high-risk subpopulation, applying the biopsy rule avoided  the harms of excess procedures, reducing lifetime biopsies by 38% versus biopsy  of all OPMDs while preserving reductions in cancer burden. Conclusions. SCORE  enables virtual trials of various screening regimens and target populations.  Given the time and cost of clinical trials, SCORE may facilitate the evaluation  of new technologies and clinical recommendations. HIGHLIGHTS: A new oral cancer simulation model with risk factors including  degrees of smoking and alcohol exposure, oral lesion features, and sex  incorporates more accurate and precise representation of patient risk  categories.We evaluated screening strategies for oral potentially malignant  disorders with or without risk-stratified biopsy referral in both the general  population and subpopulations defined by degrees of smoking and alcohol  exposure.Men with a high degree of both smoking and alcohol exposure exhibited a  significant reduction in cancer-specific deaths and cancer incidence from  screening programs for oral potentially malignant disorders.Screening with  risk-stratified biopsy, using a surgical treatment threshold of moderate  dysplasia or worse, yielded the greatest efficiency in term of biopsies needed  to detect 1 treatable case.
Copyright © 2025 Formosan Medical Association. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Cancer Biology and Epigenetics Group, IPO Porto Research Center (CI-IPOP),  Portuguese Oncology Institute of Porto (IPO Porto); Clinical Oncology Group, IPO  Porto Research Center (CI-IPOP), Portuguese Oncology Institute of Porto (IPO  Porto); CI-IPOP@RISE-Associate Laboratory and Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center  Raquel Seruca (Porto.CCC), R.
Robotic surgery, as an increasingly widespread application in the treatment of  gastric and colorectal cancer, still faces obvious discrepancies in  recommendations, indications, and evidence strength across existing guidelines.  This study systematically analyzed 31 relevant guidelines and consensus  statements (retrieved from Chinese and English databases from January 2010 to  May 2025) from two dimensions: feasibility (effectiveness, safety, etc.) and  training quality control.The results showed that colorectal cancer guidelines  had a higher proportion (4 guidelines) of "clear recommendations" for robotic  surgery, while gastric cancer guidelines predominantly presented "conditional  recommendations" or no recommendations.
Author information: (1)Department of General Surgery (Colorectal Surgery) and Guangdong Provincial  Key Laboratory of Colorectal and Pelvic Floor Diseases and Biomedical Innovation  Center, Sun Yat-sen University Sixth Affiliated Hospital, Guangzhou, Guangdong,  China. (2)Guangdong Provincial Clinical Research Center for Digestive Diseases,  Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. (3)Clinical and Translational Epidemiology Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA. (4)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Author information: (1)National Heart and Lung Institute, NIHR Imperial Biomedical Research Centre,  Imperial College London, London, UK. Electronic address:  s.siddiqui@imperial.ac.uk. (2)Institute for Lung Health, National Institute for Health Research Biomedical  Research Centre, University of Leicester, Leicester, UK. Electronic address:  ceb17@leicester.ac.uk. (3)Centre for Respiratory Medicine and Allergy, University of Manchester,  Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust, Manchester, UK. Electronic address:  dsingh@meu.org.uk. (4)General Practitioners Research Institute, Groningen, The Netherlands;  Observational and Pragmatic Research Institute, Singapore; Groningen Research  Institute Asthma and COPD (GRIAC), University of Groningen, University Medical  Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands; Department of Pulmonology,  University of Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The  Netherlands. Electronic address: janwillem@gpri.nl. (5)Section of Respiratory Medicine, Department of Translational Medicine,  University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy. Electronic address:  leonardo.fabbri20@gmail.com. (6)Section of Respiratory Medicine, Department of Translational Medicine,  University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy; Respiratory Unit, Cardiothoracic  Department, St Anna University Hospital, Ferrara, Italy. Electronic address:  ppa@unife.it. (7)Department of Medicine, Christian Albrechts University of Kiel, Kiel, Germany  and LungenClinic Grosshansdorf, Airway Research Center North in the German  Center for Lung Research, Grosshansdorf, Germany. Electronic address:  k.f.rabe@lungenclinic.de. (8)Global Medical Affairs, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. Parma, Italy.
Author information: (1)School of Chemical Engineering, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, B15  2TT, UK. (2)Institute of Inflammation and Ageing, University of Birmingham, Birmingham,  B15 2TT, UK.; Birmingham and Midland Eye Centre, SWBH NHS Trust, Birmingham, B18  7QH. (3)Institute of Inflammation and Ageing, University of Birmingham, Birmingham,  B15 2TT, UK. (4)Institute of Clinical Sciences, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, B15  2TT, UK. (5)Biomedical Sciences, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, CV4 8UW. (6)Institute of Inflammation and Ageing, University of Birmingham, Birmingham,  B15 2TT, UK.; Birmingham and Midland Eye Centre, SWBH NHS Trust, Birmingham, B18  7QH.. Electronic address: S.Rauz@bham.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests:Financial Disclosure: Gregory D.  Myer institutions have received past, current and ongoing grant funding from  National Institutes of Health/National Institute of Arthritis and  Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases grants (grants U01AR067997, R01AR070474,  R01AR055563, R01AR076153, R01AR077248, and R61AT012421), the Department of  Defense (W81XWH22C0062), Department of Veteran's Affairs (CReATE Motion Center),  and the Arthritis Foundation Osteoarthritis Clinical Trial Network. Dr. Myer has  received industry-sponsored research funding to his institutions related to  injury prevention and sport performance and has current ongoing funding from  Arthrex Inc. to evaluate ACL surgical treatment optimization strategies. Dr.  Myer receives author royalties from Human Kinetics and Wolters Kluwer. Dr. Myer  is an inventor of biofeedback technologies (patent US11350854B2, Augmented and  Virtual Reality for Sport Performance and Injury Prevention Application,  approved July 6, 2022, software copyrighted) designed to enhance rehabilitation  and prevent injuries, which has received licensing royalties.The content is  solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the  official views of the National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Department of  Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense, or the United States  Government.There are no other author conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Intan M.W. Dewi reports financial  support was provided by Indonesia Endowment Fund for Education and Universitas  Padjadjaran.
Author information: (1)Department of Cell & Tissue Biology, University of California, San Francisco,  San Francisco, CA, USA. (2)Biomedical Sciences Graduate Program, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (3)Department of Radiology & Biomedical Imaging, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (4)Department of Biochemistry, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine,  Nashville, TN, USA. (5)Jim Ayers Institute for Precancer Detection and Diagnosis, Vanderbilt-Ingram  Cancer Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (6)Department of Pathology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville,  TN, USA. (7)Faculty of Biology, Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel. (8)The Taub Faculty of Computer Science, Technion, Israel Institute of  Technology, Haifa, Israel. (9)Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, San  Francisco, CA, USA. (10)Diabetes Center, University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco, CA,  USA. (11)Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regeneration Medicine and Stem Cell Research,  University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (12)Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology,  Wuhan, China. (13)Department of Chemistry, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley, CA,  USA. (14)Department of Molecular & Cell Biology, University of California, Berkeley,  Berkeley, CA, USA. (15)Department of Nutritional Sciences & Toxicology, University of California,  Berkeley, Berkeley, CA, USA. (16)Department of Anatomy, University of California, San Francisco, San  Francisco, CA, USA. (17)Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of California,  San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (18)Center for Cancer Research, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (19)Department of Microbiology & Immunology, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (20)Sandler Asthma Basic Research Center, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (21)Department of Medicine and Molecular Pharmacology, Albert Einstein College  of Medicine, Bronx, NY, USA. (22)Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism, Beth Israel Deaconess  Medical Center, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (23)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Chevy Chase, MD, USA. (24)Department of Medical Oncology & Therapeutics Research, City of Hope  Comprehensive Cancer Center, Duarte, CA, USA. (25)Department of Pathology, University of California, San Francisco, San  Francisco, CA, USA. (26)Cancer Center, University of Hawaii, Honolulu, HI, USA. (27)Department of Cell & Tissue Biology, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. Andrei.Goga@ucsf.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests M.A.M.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology, Faculty of Science, University of Al Azhar,  Cairo, Egypt. (2)Department of Microbial Biotechnology, Biotechnology Research Institute,  National Research Centre, 33 El-Bohouth St. (former El-Tahrir St.), Dokki, Giza,  P.O.12622, Egypt.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology, Faculty of Science, University of Al Azhar,  Cairo, Egypt. (2)Department of Microbial Biotechnology, Biotechnology Research Institute,  National Research Centre, 33 El-Bohouth St. (former El-Tahrir St.), Dokki, Giza,  P.O.12622, Egypt.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests H.C. consults for  Kumquat Biosciences, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests E.S. is an employee of  the GSK group of companies.
Author information: (1)New York University Langone Health. Department of Radiology. New York, NY  (S.D., J.W., E.H.).
Author information: (1)Department of Legal Medicine, Toxicology and Physical Anthropology, Faculty  of Medicine, University of Granada, 18012, Granada, Spain; Institute of  Nutrition and Food Technology "Jose Mataix Verdú", Biomedical Research Center,  Health Sciences Technological Park, University of Granada, 18016, Granada,  Spain; Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria Ibs.GRANADA, 18012, Granada,  Spain.
Author information: (1)Division of Infection Medicine, Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Lund  University, Sweden. (2)Frazer Institute, Faculty of Health, Medicine and Behavioural Sciences, The  University of Queensland, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. (3)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Panum Institute,  Denmark. (4)Division of Infection Medicine, Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Lund  University, Sweden; Science for Life Laboratory, Department of Clinical Sciences  Lund, Lund University, Sweden. (5)Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Respiratory Medicine, Allergology, and  Palliative Medicine, Lund University, Sweden. (6)Department of Biomedicine, Aarhus University, Denmark. (7)Frazer Institute, Faculty of Health, Medicine and Behavioural Sciences, The  University of Queensland, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia; Dermatology Research  Centre, Faculty of Health, Medicine and Behavioural Sciences, The University of  Queensland, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. (8)Division of Infection Medicine, Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Lund  University, Sweden. Electronic address: Rolf.Lood@med.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A.A. is a cofounder of  Tango Therapeutics, Azkarra Therapeutics, Ovibio Corporation, and Kytarro  Therapeutics; is a member of the board of CytomX and Cambridge Science  Corporation; is a member of the scientific advisory board of Genentech,  GLAdiator, Circle, Bluestar, Earli, Ambagon, Phoenix Molecular Designs, and  Trial Library; is a consultant for SPARC, ProLynx, and GSK; receives grant or  research support from SPARC and AstraZeneca; and holds patents on the use of  PARP inhibitors held jointly with AstraZeneca from which he has benefited  financially (and may do so in the future).
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, Maharaja Institute of Technology Mysore, Mandya,  Karnataka 571438, India. Electronic address: ygnikhil@gmail.com. (2)Department of Chemistry, Maharaja Institute of Technology Mysore, Mandya,  Karnataka 571438, India. Electronic address: drbmanjumit@gmail.com. (3)Department of Chemistry, Seshadripuram Institute of Technology, Mysore,  Karnataka 571311, India. Electronic address: kiran.pbs@gmail.com. (4)Department of Chemistry, ATME College of Engineering, Mysore 570028, India.  Electronic address: avinashkchemistry@gmail.com. (5)Department of Chemistry, S.D.V.S. Sangh's S.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: Variants in the GBA1 gene, which encodes the lysosomal enzyme  glucocerebrosidase (GCase), are among the strongest genetic risk factors for  Parkinson's disease (PD). While several pathogenic mutations are  well-characterized, the impact of many rare or novel variants remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: This study is aimed to explore the spectrum of GBA1 variants in a  cohort of PD patients from Southern Italy, with a particular focus on the  clinical and structural characterization of a novel missense variant through  integrated genetic and in silico analyses. METHODS: We performed targeted next-generation sequencing (NGS) on 171 PD  patients using a custom AmpliSeq panel covering 30 PD-related genes. Structural  modelling of identified missense variants was conducted using UCSF ChimeraX  (v.1.10) to assess potential conformational changes, while secondary structures  were analyzed using the DSSP (Define Secondary Structure of Proteins) algorithm.  Energetic impact of the amino acid substitutions on protein stability was  evaluated using FoldX (v.4). RESULTS: Ten patients carried likely pathogenic GBA1 variants, including common  mutations such as p.L483P, p.N409S, p.E365K, p.H294Q, and p.I200N.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethical standards. Guarantor:  The scientific guarantor of this publication is Marie-Pierre Revel. Conflict of  interest: The authors of this manuscript declare the following relationships:  M.-P.R. benefits from AI solutions from Mevis, Coreline, and DeepHealth, and  speaker fees from Bracco.
Author information: (1)Advanced Quantitative Sciences, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, One  Health Plaza, East Hanover, 07936-1080, NJ , USA. sherwin.sy@novartis.com. (2)Advanced Quantitative Sciences, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, One  Health Plaza, East Hanover, 07936-1080, NJ , USA. (3)Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland. (4)Novartis Healthcare Private Ltd, Hyderabad, India. (5)Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research Co. Ltd, Shanghai, China. (6)Novartis Pharma K.K, Tokyo, Japan.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Center (BMC), Cell Biology, Anatomy III, Faculty of Medicine,  Ludwig Maximilian University Munich (LMU), 82152 Planegg, Germany. (2)Laboratory for Functional Genome Analysis LAFUGA, Gene Center, LMU, 81377,  Munich, Germany. (3)Division of Neuroscience, Oregon National Primate Research Center (ONPRC),  Oregon Health & Science University, Beaverton, OR, USA. (4)Fertility Centre A.R.T.
Author information: (1)School of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering, University of  Tehran, Tehran, 1417614411, Iran. (2)Department of Mechanical and Automation Engineering, The Chinese University  of Hong Kong, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong, China.
Author information: (1)University of Exeter, St Luke's Campus, Exeter, UK. M.Barlow@exeter.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.J. Lee and Y.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: X.W. is a cofounder and  consultant of Sironax, a biotech startup working on developing therapeutic  agents against neurodegenerative diseases.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: SB and JB are members of  the clinical ethics committee at Great Ormond Street Hospital.RJ and ECA declare  no competing interests.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Center for Autoimmune Genomics and Etiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital  Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (2)Division of Asthma Research, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (3)Center for Autoimmune Genomics and Etiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital  Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Department of Pediatrics,  University of Cincinnati, College of Medicine, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229;  Division of Immunobiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (4)Division of Asthma Research, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Department of Pediatrics, University of  Cincinnati, College of Medicine, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (5)Department of Pediatrics, University of Cincinnati, College of Medicine,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of Human Genetics, Cincinnati Children's  Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (6)Center for Autoimmune Genomics and Etiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital  Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Department of Pediatrics,  University of Cincinnati, College of Medicine, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229;  Division of Human Genetics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of Biomedical Informatics, Cincinnati  Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of  Developmental Biology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of Allergy and Immunology, Cincinnati  Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229. (7)Center for Autoimmune Genomics and Etiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital  Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Department of Pediatrics,  University of Cincinnati, College of Medicine, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229;  Division of Human Genetics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center,  Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of Immunobiology, Cincinnati Children's  Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, 45229; Division of Allergy and  Immunology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, Ohio,  USA, 45229. Electronic address: Leah.Kottyan@cchmc.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Age-related arterial stiffening is a hallmark of vascular ageing and a key  driver of cardiovascular disease. Oxidative stress, impaired autophagy, and  extracellular matrix remodelling play an important role in the progression of  aortic stiffening. Hydroxytyrosol (HT), a phenolic compound in olives, has  demonstrated antioxidant properties and the ability to modulate autophagy,  positioning it as a potential therapeutic for vascular ageing. In this study, we  investigated the effects of HT on autophagy flux and antioxidant protein  expression in human aortic endothelial cells (HAoECs). In parallel, we examined  the impact of HT on arterial stiffness ex vivo using isolated aortic segments  from wild-type (WT) and Fbn1C1039G+/- mice, a model of elastin fragmentation.HT  treatment (50 and 100 µM; 18 h) enhanced autophagy flux in HAoECs, evidenced by  increased LC3-II and p62 turnover, and reduced mTOR activity.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A patent application  has been filed by Peking University (with W.W., Zeguang Wu, Q.L., J.Y., and Y.Q.  as inventors).
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Competing financial  interests. M.P.D.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests I.D. is a  founder/shareholder of Vivlion GmbH and a member of its scientific advisory  board.
A qualitative exploration of cigar smoking beliefs by type among U.S.  susceptible Black young adults.
Author information: (1)Department of Materials Science and Engineering, National Taiwan University  of Science and Technology, 43, Sec. 4, Keelung Road, Taipei 106, Taiwan, ROC;  Department of Occupational Safety and Health/Institute of Industrial Safety and  Disaster Prevention, College of Sustainable Environment, Chia Nan University of  Pharmacy and Science, Tainan 717, Taiwan, ROC; Division of Neurosurgery,  Department of Surgery, Chi Mei Medical Center, Tainan 710, Taiwan, ROC. (2)Department of Materials Science and Engineering, National Taiwan University  of Science and Technology, 43, Sec. 4, Keelung Road, Taipei 106, Taiwan, ROC. (3)Graduate Institute of Applied Science and Technology, National Taiwan  University of Science and Technology, Taipei 10607, Taiwan, ROC. (4)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Taichung Veterans General Hospital,  Taichung 40705, Taiwan, ROC; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Ph.D. Program in  Translational Medicine, and Rong-Hsing Research Center for Translational  Medicine, National Chung-Hsing University, Taichung 940227, Taiwan, ROC;  Department of Post-Baccalaureate Medicine, College of Medicine, National Chung  Hsing University, Taiwan, ROC.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Technology, College of Applied Medical Sciences,  King Saud University, P.O. Box 10219, Riyadh 11433, Saudi Arabia; King Salman  Center for Disability Research, Riyadh 11614, Saudi Arabia; Biological and  Environmental Sensing Research Unit, King Abdullah Institute for Nanotechnology,  King Saud University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Biological and Biomedical Sciences, College of Health and Life  Sciences, Hamad Bin Khalifa University, Education City, Qatar Foundation, P.O.  Box 34110, Doha, Qatar.
Author information: (1)Bristol Vaccine Centre, Schools of Population Health Sciences & Cellular and  Molecular Medicine, University of Bristol, St Michael's Hill, Bristol, BS2 8AE,  UK. (2)Engineering Mathematics, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. (3)Clinical Research and Imaging Centre, UHBW NHS Trust, Bristol, UK. (4)Academic Respiratory Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. (5)Bristol Vaccine Centre, Schools of Population Health Sciences & Cellular and  Molecular Medicine, University of Bristol, St Michael's Hill, Bristol, BS2 8AE,  UK. Catherine.Hyams@bristol.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
J Neurosurg Spine. 2025 Aug 22:1-12. doi: 10.3171/2025.4.SPINE241473.
ConspectusThe ability to detect and image nanomaterials at interfaces is crucial  for a wide range of applications, from the engineering and characterization of  nanocomposites to enabling label-free detection for biomedical diagnostics and  therapy. Light microscopy, which relies on the optical properties of  nanomaterials, has significantly contributed to this goal due to its adequate  temporal and spatial resolutions and compatibility with diverse application  scenarios. However, the optical intensity readout of these label-free optical  imaging techniques inherently limits their selectivity. Consequently,  visualizing dynamic interfacial changes over a single particle with high  spatiotemporal resolution under mild solution reaction conditions remains a  challenge.In this Account, we highlight the recent progress in plasmonic  scattering interferometric microscopy (PSIM), a technique developed to address  these challenges.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical permission: The Ethics  Committee in Biomedical Research at Tarbiat Modares University, Tehran, Iran,  approved this study (Ethical Code: IR.MODARES.AEC.
STUDY QUESTION: Does cancer treatment during pregnancy affect gonadal  development in the exposed foetus? SUMMARY ANSWER: Our systematic review revealed that exposure in utero to many  cancer therapies does negatively impact gonadal development. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: It is well known that many cancer therapies can have a  detrimental impact on the fertility of children and young people who have been  treated for cancer. However, it is not yet known how much these agents impact  the gonadal development and subsequent fertility of an in utero-exposed foetus. STUDY DESIGN SIZE DURATION: We conducted a systematic review, following PRISMA  guidelines, to investigate the evidence for associations between in utero cancer  therapy exposure and gonadal development in human tissues and animal models. A  systematic search was conducted across PubMed, Web of Science, and Google  Scholar for titles or abstracts containing terms relating to chemotherapy or  hormonal therapy agents, in utero exposure, and reproductive outcomes. We  searched all available published articles up to July 2024. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS SETTING METHODS: Two independent reviewers performed  title and abstract, then full-text screening, using inclusion/exclusion criteria  decided a priori. We included clinical and laboratory studies on human foetal  gonads and animal studies, in vivo and in vitro, where gonadal exposure occurred  during the window that corresponded with human prenatal gonadal development.  Data from the included studies were independently extracted and analysed by  chemotherapy and hormonal drug class, focusing on reproductive outcome measures  and results. Bias and quality assessments were performed with SciRAP in vivo or  in vitro tool version 2.3. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: 3360 titles and abstracts were screened for  inclusion, following the removal of duplicates, with 57 undergoing full text  review and 26 eligible studies identified for inclusion (human = 4,  animal-model = 22). The collated results show clear evidence of significant germ  cell loss and disruption to other gonadal cell types in male and female  animal-model gonadal tissues exposed both in vivo and in vitro to various  chemotherapy and hormone therapies, and human male foetal tissue exposed to  chemotherapy in vitro. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: The evidence provided was limited by the small  number of studies available reporting on reproductive outcomes following in  utero exposure to cancer therapies, a lack of comparable outcome measures, and  the use of single-drug exposures compared to the more clinically relevant  multi-drug combinations. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This review provides evidence for the  vulnerability of foetal gonads to cancer therapy agents and the potentially  damaging effects of in utero exposure on gonadal development and reproductive  health. We hope these findings help raise awareness for the need of long-term  follow-up studies to explore whether fertility is impacted in people who were  exposed to cancer agents in utero and to identify whether they may require  fertility preservation strategies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: No specific funding was received for this  study. R.T.M.
Author information: (1)Department of Prosthetic Dentistry and Biomedical Materials Science, Hannover  Medical School, Hannover, Germany. (2)Lower Saxony Centre for Biomedical Engineering, Implant Research and  Development, Hannover Medical School, Hannover, Germany. (3)Institut für Anorganische Chemie, Leibniz University Hannover, Hannover,  Germany. (4)Laser Zentrum Hannover e.V., Hannover, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Arafat, S.M. Yasir is an Editorial Board member  of Health Science Reports and a coauthor of this article.
Author information: (1)Institute of Traditional Medicine, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University,  Taipei, Taiwan. (2)Department of Ophthalmology, Taipei City Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (3)Faculty of Traditional Medicine, University of Health Sciences, Vietnam  National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. (4)Department of Chinese Medicine, Taipei City Hospital, Linsen Chinese Medicine  and Kunming Branch, Taipei, Taiwan. (5)The General Education Center, Ming Chi University of Technology, New Taipei,  Taiwan. (6)LO-Sheng Hospital Ministry of Health and Welfare, Taipei, Taiwan. (7)School of Oral Hygiene, College of Oral Medicine, Taipei Medical University,  Taipei, Taiwan. (8)School of Chinese Medicine, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Taipei,  Taiwan. (9)Traditional Chinese Medicine Glycomics Research Center, National Yang Ming  Chiao Tung University, Taipei, Taiwan. (10)Biomedical Industry Ph.D. Program, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University,  Taipei, Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: B.C.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Immunology and Molecular Biology, School of Biomedical  Sciences, Makerere University College of Health Sciences, Kampala P.O. Box 7072,  Uganda.
Author information: (1)Medical Oncology Department, Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori  di Milano, Milan, Italy. (2)Oncology department, Presidio Ospedaliero S. Maria della Misericordia di  Udine, Udine, Italy. (3)Medical Oncology Unit , Italian Neuro-Traumatology Institute,  Grottaferrata, Italy. (4)U.O. Oncologia Medica delle Apuane, Azienda USL Toscana Nord Ovest,  Pisa, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interestsV.H.K.
Author information: (1)Executive Director of Community Neuroscience Initiative, Cornell University,  Ithaca, New York, USA. (2)Department of Psychology, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, USA. (3)Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester,  Rochester, New York, USA. (4)Biomedical & Biological Sciences Ph.D. Program, Cornell University, Ithaca,  New York, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Dermatology, Graduate School of Medical Sciences, Kyushu  University, Fukuoka, Japan. (2)Department of Rehabilitation, Niigata University of Health and Welfare,  Niigata, Japan. (3)Medical Affairs, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Osaka, Japan. (4)Medical Affairs, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Shinagawa Grand Central  Tower, 2-16-4 Konan, Minato-Ku, Tokyo, 108-8241, Japan. (5)Medical Affairs, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Shinagawa Grand Central  Tower, 2-16-4 Konan, Minato-Ku, Tokyo, 108-8241, Japan. Toda.Rikiya.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of Interest: Takeshi  Nakahara has received consulting fees and/or speaker honoraria from Mitsubishi  Tanabe Pharma, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Torii Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Maruho Co.,  Ltd, Sanofi, AbbVie, Eli Lilly Japan, Sun Pharma, and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co.,  Ltd. Hiroyuki Murota has received consulting fees and/or speaker honoraria from  Maruho Co., Ltd., Sanofi K.K., Pfizer Japan Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Q.F. and Y.H. are employees  of the company Transcend Vivoscope, which develops and sells microscopes.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 21:ajnr.A8973.
Author information: (1)From the Neuroradiology Unit, Department of Diagnostic and Interventional  Radiology, A.O.U.
Author information: (1)Respiratory Unit, Department of Biomedical Sciences and Public Health,  Polytechnic University of Marche, Ancona, Italy  Francesca.Gonnelli@nottingham.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Sciences, College of Veterinary Medicine, King Faisal  University, Al-Ahsa 31982, Al-Hofuf P.O. 400, Saudi Arabia; Department of  Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases -, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine,  Mansoura University, Mansoura, Egypt.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Cardiology, Haemodynamic and Cardiac Intensive Care Unit, San Salvatore  Hospital, L'Aquila, Italy. (2)Department of Cardiology, Monaldi Hospital, Naples, Italy. (3)Hospital Santa Maria della Misericordia, Rheumatology Unit, University of  Udine, Udine, Italy. (4)Unit of Immunology, Rheumatology, Allergy and Rare Diseases, IRCCS San  Raffaele Hospital, Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan, Italy. (5)S.O.D.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest M.D. reported  speaker bureau fees from AOP Health, Janssen and MSD; support for attending  meetings and/or travel from AOP Health, Dompé and Janssen; participation on a  Data Safety Monitoring Board or Advisory Board for MSD.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective.The lengthy 1 h dynamic positron emission tomography (PET) scans  discomfort patients, add motion artifacts, and inflate costs, highlighting the  need for tech advancements to reduce scan times.
Objective.The probability of 511 keVγ-rays undergoing inter-crystal scattering  (ICS) in current positron emission tomography (PET) detectors is high.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, University of Miami, Coral Gables, Florida 33146,  United States. (2)Materials and Manufacturing Directorate, Air Force Research Laboratory,  Dayton, Ohio 45433, United States. (3)Dr. J.T. Macdonald Foundation Biomedical Nanotechnology Institute, University  of Miami, Miami, Florida 33136, United States.
Author information: (1)Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Women's Health, John A. Burns School  of Medicine, University of Hawai'i, Honolulu, HI 96826, USA. (2)Departments of Pediatrics and Reproductive Biology, Case Western Reserve  University, Cleveland, OH, USA. (3)Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology, Division of Reproductive Science, Duke  University School of Medicine, Durham, NC, USA. (4)Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology, Division of Basic Science and  Translational Research, The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston,  Galveston, TX, USA. (5)Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Institute for Women's Health, University College  London, London, UK. (6)Centre for Bioengineering, School of Engineering and Materials Science, Queen  Mary University of London, UK. (7)Institute for Basic Research in Developmental Disabilities, Staten Island,  NY, USA. (8)Department of Immunobiochemistry, Instituto Nacional de Perinatología, Ciudad  de México, Mexico. (9)Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology, Division of Basic Science and  Translational Research, The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston,  Galveston, TX, USA; Department of Immunobiochemistry, Instituto Nacional de  Perinatología, Ciudad de México, Mexico. (10)The University of Texas Medical Branch John Sealy School of Medicine at  Galveston, Galveston, TX, USA. (11)School of Medicine, Université Clermont Auvergne, Clermont-Ferrand, France. (12)Electrical Engineering Department, Texas A&M University, College Station,  TX, USA. (13)Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology, Division of Basic Science and  Translational Research, The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston,  Galveston, TX, USA. Electronic address: lestaffo@utmb.edu. (14)John Sealy School of Medicine, The University of Texas Medical Branch at  Galveston, Galveston, TX, USA. (15)Department of Medicine, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis,  IN, USA. (16)Health Department III, Nove de Julho University [UNINOVE]) Osasco, SP,  Brazil. (17)Biomedical Engineering, and Cell & Developmental Biology, Vanderbilt  University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (18)Department of Reproductive Biology, Case Western Reserve University,  Cleveland, Ohio, USA. (19)Department of Pediatrics, Case Western Reserve University, Ohio, USA. (20)School of Public and Population Health, The University of Texas Medical  Branch at Galveston, Galveston, TX, USA. (21)Institute of Reproductive Health, National Institutes of Health, University  of the Philippines Manila, Manila 1000 Philippines. (22)Division of Basic Sciences, National Autonomous University of Mexico, Mexico  City, Mexico. (23)Jefe de la Unidad de Vinculación de la Facultad de Medicina, U.N.A.M.  Instituto Nacional de Medicina Genómica, Mexico.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: I. Isgum and B.J. Bouma received an  institutional research grant from Pie Medical Imaging BV and Esaote SpA.
Author information: (1)Research and Development Center, Dina Pharmed Exir Salamat Co, 574768 R.No.
BACKGROUND: Digital health technologies can potentially improve clinical  research efficiency and increase participant diversity but have challenges with  long-term participant engagement. OBJECTIVES: The Heartline Study evaluated the impact of a mobile app-based heart  health engagement program with the Irregular Rhythm Notification (IRN) and  electrocardiogram features of the Apple Watch on diagnosis, treatment, and  outcomes of atrial fibrillation in U.S. participants aged ≥65 years.
Tuberculosis (TB) remains the world's deadliest infectious disease, with many  active cases missed due to challenges in sputum collection. Exhaled breath  aerosols (XBA), a major route of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) transmission,  offer a promising non-invasive alternative. This study evaluated the diagnostic  accuracy and feasibility of the AveloMask-a novel point-of-care breath aerosol  collection kit-for detecting active pulmonary TB using quantitative PCR (qPCR).  In a pilot diagnostic accuracy study, 61 symptomatic, adult outpatients in Cape  Town, South Africa, wore the mask for 45 min, coughing deeply at the start and  end. XBAs were collected on integrated fiber filters transferred into  stabilizing buffer via a simple push step and biobanked. XBA's were  batch-analyzed by qPCR targeting the MTB-specific IS6110 sequence. Diagnostic  accuracy was assessed against sputum Xpert MTB/RIF Ultra (SXRS) and a composite  microbiological reference standard (MRS), including culture. Of the 58 evaluable  participants, 59% (34/58) had confirmed TB. Compared with SXRS, mask qPCR showed  71.0% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 53.4%-83.9%) sensitivity and 92.3% (95%  CI:75.9%-97.9%) specificity. Against MRS, sensitivity was 64.7% (95% CI:  47.9%-78.5%) and specificity 91.7% (95% CI: 74.2%-97.7%). Sensitivity increased  with bacterial load, reaching 100% in sputum with high MTB concentrations. MTB  IS6110 copy numbers in XBAs were low overall (175 copies [4-2,147]), likely due  to insufficient DNA recovery or low aerosol bacilli. The mask sampling was  well-tolerated by users. The AveloMask Kit shows promising diagnostic accuracy  for TB and is feasible for point-of-care use. Further optimization and larger  validation studies are warranted.IMPORTANCETuberculosis (TB) remains the world's  deadliest infectious disease, yet diagnosis still relies heavily on sputum,  which many patients struggle to produce.
Author information: (1)Department of Neuroscience, Developmental and Regenerative Biology,  University of Texas at San Antonio, San Antonio, TX, USA. Annie.Lin@utsa.
Author information: (1)Banc de Sang i Teixits (BST), Barcelona, Spain. (2)Department of Genomic Medicine, Pfizer-University of Granada-Andalusian  Regional Government Centre for Genomics and Oncological Research (GENYO),  Granada, Spain. (3)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology III and Immunology, Faculty  of Medicine, University of Granada, Granada, Spain. (4)Biosanitary Research Institute of Granada (IBS.GRANADA), University of  Granada, Granada, Spain.
Gene therapy has revolutionized modern medicine by offering innovative  treatments for genetic disorders, cancers, and immune-related conditions through  technologies such as viral vector delivery, genome editing, and genetically  modified cell therapies. Despite significant advancements, the classification of  gene therapy medicinal products (GTMPs) as genetically modified organisms (GMOs)  under EU legislation imposes significant regulatory burdens, hindering early and  timely patient access to such therapies. Current GMO regulations, originally  designed for agricultural biotechnology, require environmental risk assessments  (ERAs) and additional approvals, creating delays and increasing costs-with a  particularly negative impact on early academic research. This article examines  the scientific and regulatory discrepancies in classifying GTMPs as GMOs,  arguing that replication-deficient vectors and non-persistent modified cells may  not meet the criteria for GMOs. We highlight the negative impact of GMO  requirements on clinical trial feasibility in Europe compared to the U.S., where  a categorical exclusion from ERA applies to investigational medicinal products.
Author information: (1)Department of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Research Institute Basel (CRIB),  University Hospital Basel, University of Basel, Spitalstrasse 2, Basel CH-4056,  Switzerland. (2)Consorci Sanitari Integral, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (3)Department of Cardiology, Oslo University Hospital Ulleval, Oslo, Norway. (4)Department of Cardiology, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway. (5)Division of Heart, Lung and Critical Care, Royal Brompton Hospital, London,  UK. (6)Cardiology Department, Hospital Universitari Son Espases-IDISBA, Universitat  de les Illes Baleares (UIB), Palma de Mallorca, Spain. (7)Emergency Institute for Cardiovascular Diseases 'Prof. C.C. Iliescu',  University of Medicine Carol Davila, Bucharest, Romania.
Secreted non-structural protein 1 (sNS1) is an important orthoflavivirus  pathogenic factor that can induce vascular leakage, a key symptom of severe  dengue disease. Given the role of sNS1 in dengue pathogenesis, defining the  molecular mechanisms of NS1 secretion may contribute to the development of  NS1-targeting antiviral therapies. To this end, we performed a customized  membrane-trafficking siRNA screen to identify human host factors involved in NS1  secretion. Our screen identified COPA, COPB2, and COPG1 as the top-ranking hits.  These proteins are three of the seven subunits of the coatomer protein complex I  (COPI) that coat transport vesicles that operate within the early secretory  pathway, implicating COPI machinery as being involved in NS1 secretion.  Validation studies employing host gene knockdown in dengue virus (DENV)-infected  cells confirmed that COPI components are required for efficient NS1 secretion  but are dispensable for infectious virus egress. Similar reductions in NS1  secretion were observed when COPI components were depleted in cells infected  with West Nile virus Kunjin subtype (WNV/KUNV), indicating that the molecular  mechanisms exploited to achieve NS1 secretion may be a conserved feature within  the Orthoflavivirus genus. Heterologous expression of wild-type and pathogenic  COPI variants in DENV NS1-NS5 polyprotein-expressing cells resulted in altered  NS1 secretion profiles, suggesting that allelic variants and altered expression  levels of COPI components may indirectly influence the severity of dengue  disease. The identification of COPI components as important determinants of NS1  secretion efficiency may aid in the identification of novel targets for  anti-orthoflaviviral therapies.IMPORTANCEOver half of the world's population is  at risk of infection with mosquito-borne pathogenic orthoflaviviruses such as  DENV.
Author information: (1)Swiss Center of Electronics and Microtechnology (CSEM), Neuchâtel,  Switzerland. (2)Department of Pulmonary Medicine, Allergology and Clinical Immunology,  Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University of Bern, Switzerland. (3)Lung Center, HOCH Health Ostschweiz, Kantonsspital St.Gallen, St.Gallen,  Switzerland.
BackgroundThe effectiveness of non-invasive neuromodulation to improve social  cognition (SC) in neurological disorders remains unclear. However, repetitive  transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) shows promise for treating cognitive  abnormalities by promoting neuroplasticity.ObjectiveIn this randomized,  double-blind, sham-controlled study, we investigated the effects of  high-frequency rTMS on the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and right temporal  parietal junction (rTPJ) in patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to  enhance SC abilities and other cognitive and functional abilities related to the  stimulated network, and their maintenance effects  post-treatment.MethodsTwenty-four MCI patients were assigned to 2 groups: a  Real-Real group (RR-Gr) that received 4 weeks of rTMS, and a Sham-Real group  (SR-Gr) that received 2 weeks of sham stimulation followed by 2 weeks of real  rTMS.
Author information: (1)Swiss Institute of Allergy and Asthma Research (SIAF), University of Zurich,  Davos, Switzerland. (2)Department of Biomedical and Diagnostic Science, School of Medicine,  University of Salamanca, Salamanca, Spain. (3)Department of Environmental Health, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public  Health, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Author information: (1)Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB), Hôpital Universitaire de Bruxelles  (H.U.B), Institut Jules Bordet, Bruxelles, Belgium.
Author information: (1)Section of Molecular Epidemiology, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences,  Leiden University Medical Center, Einthovenweg 20, 2333 ZC Leiden, The  Netherlands. (2)Innoso BV, Ruychrocklaan 68, 2597 EP The Hague, The Netherlands. (3)Division of Human Nutrition and Health, Wageningen University, P.O. Box  176700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands.
Author information: (1)Shenzhen Key Laboratory of Marine Biomedical Materials, CAS-HK Joint Lab of  Biomaterials, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of  Sciences, Shenzhen 518055, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Institute of Biotechnology and Biochemical Engineering, Graz University of  Technology, NAWI Graz, Petersgasse 12, A-8010 Graz, Austria. (2)Austrian Centre of Industrial Biotechnology (acib), Krenngasse 37, A-8010  Graz, Austria. (3)Botnar Research Centre, Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics, Rheumatology and  Musculoskeletal Sciences, National Institute of Health Research Oxford  Biomedical Research Unit (BRU), University of Oxford, OX3 7LD Oxford, U.K. (4)Oxford Centre for Translational Myeloma Research, University of Oxford, OX3  7LD Oxford, U.
OBJECTIVE: To study the effects on the quality of life (QoL), sexual function  and metabolic aspects in women using a subcutaneous implant containing  Etonogestrel (ENG-implant) over 10 years of observation period. STUDY DESIGN: This study was performed from January 2011 to September 2023. A  database was set up to collect data from women. Counseling on the ENG-implant to  be inserted at the termination of pregnancy, and on insert a new device every 3  years was adopted. The Short Form-36 (SF-36), the Female Sexual Function Index  (FSFI) and the Female Sexual Distress Scale (FSDS) questionnaires were used to  investigate the QoL, sexual function and sexual distress, respectively, of women  at baseline and at 6, 12, 24, 36, 72 and 108-month follow-ups. Blood samples  were collected from women to measure metabolic parameters. RESULTS: 32 of 52 (61.5 %) enrolled women completed the study. In summary, after  removing the first (at 36th month of use) and the second implant (at 72nd month  of use), 44 (84.6 %) and 32 (61.5 %) women asked for the insertion of a new  device, respectively. Somatic (p < 0.001) and mental (p = 0.04) categories of  SF-36 improved from the 12-month follow-up to the 108-month follow-up  (p < 0.001). FSFI scores also increased from 12-month follow-up to the 108-month  follow-up (p < 0.001). The improvement of the total scores depended on the  gradual increase in each FSFI item (p < 0.001).FSDS score became statistically  significant starting from the 12-month follow-up to the 108-month follow-up  (p < 0.
Author information: (1)Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation National Cheng Kung  University Hospital College of Medicine National Cheng Kung University No. 138,  Sheng Li Road Tainan 704 Taiwan (R.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.The  Animal Ethics Committee under the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of  National Taiwan University approved the research protocol (Approval no.
Author information: (1)Engineering Research Center for Conservation and Efficient Utilization of  Mountainous Biological Resources in Guizhou Province, Guiyang Innovation Center  for Industrial Technology in Ecological Fisheries, College of Biological and  Environmental Engineering, Guiyang University, Guiyang 550000, Guizhou, P.R.  China.
Author information: (1)Hypertension Research Laboratory, Victorian Heart Institute, Monash  University, Melbourne, Australia (M.S., D.R.-J.
Advancements in genetic research have greatly enhanced our understanding of  human adaptation to high-altitude environments through the identification of  genetic markers linked to hypoxia tolerance. Our recent studies identify key  genes associated with haematological and ventilatory traits in Andeans. Adaptive  variation at EPAS1, encoding endothelial PAS domain protein 1, a key regulator  in the hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) pathway (the alpha subunit of HIF2), has  been associated with relatively low haematocrit at high altitude, which may be  linked directly or indirectly to improvements in oxygen transport and/or  delivery, while PRKAA1, encoding the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) alpha-1  subunit, has been linked to ventilatory responses during wakefulness that are  further associated with sleep phenotypes with metabolic implications. The  relevance of these genetic adaptations extends beyond adult physiology; e.g.  other studies have associated an adaptive genetic signature at PRKAA1 with  pregnancy outcomes in Andean populations. Understanding how adaptive genetic  variations in EPAS1 and PRKAA1 contribute to hypoxia tolerance offers a  foundation for investigating broader evolutionary mechanisms of high-altitude  adaptation, particularly in the contexts of pregnancy and fetal development,  where oxygen availability is crucial. Integrative studies that combine  molecular, physiological, and evolutionary perspectives offer promise in  revealing the complexities of high-altitude adaptation and its relevance to  hypoxia-related health challenges in both highland and lowland populations.This  article is part of the discussion meeting issue 'Pregnancy at high altitude: the  challenge of hypoxia'.
Exposure to hypobaric hypoxia at high altitude is associated with adverse  pregnancy outcomes, including low birth weight and stillbirth. However, the  relationship between high altitude and pre-eclampsia remains less well defined,  with conflicting findings in previous studies. Improved understanding of  pre-eclampsia risk at altitude could help in targeting resources, particularly  in low-resourced settings. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of altitude,  analysed as a continuous nonlinear variable, on the risk of pre-eclampsia in  Ecuador. Publicly available maternal health records from Ecuador (2021-23) were  obtained from the National Institute of Statistics and Census. Geospatial  techniques were used to assign the altitude of maternal residence, and  generalized additive models determined the relationship between altitude and  pre-eclampsia incidence, adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, healthcare  access, and residence. Models were fitted using restricted maximum likelihood.  After adjusting for confounders, no significant increase in pre-eclampsia risk  was observed with higher altitude. However, as expected, increased risk was  noted at the extremes of maternal age (p <0.001) and among women with publicly  funded care (p <0.001). Ethnicity was also a risk determinant, but no  interaction with altitude was found. Comparison of our findings with  population-wide studies elsewhere is a key future goal.This article is part of  the discussion meeting issue 'Pregnancy at high altitude: the challenge of  hypoxia'.
Ascent to high altitude is accompanied by physiological responses that, to an  extent, mitigate the challenge of hypobaric hypoxia, maintaining arterial oxygen  content and convective oxygen delivery. Nevertheless, arterial oxygen tension  (pO2) remains low and tissue hypoxia persists, posing a challenge for metabolic  and redox homeostasis, and therefore function. The physiological challenge of  life at high altitude is well exemplified by human pregnancy. Infant birthweight  falls at high altitude, and there is a greater incidence of pregnancy  complications, such as preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction; however,  relative protection is seen in Tibetan and Andean populations. There is evidence  to implicate a role for placental metabolic reprogramming and mitochondrial  alterations in this context, while metabolic adaptations likely contribute to an  integrated response that supports healthy pregnancies in highlander populations  at altitude. Here, we outline the evidence to support a role for placental  mitochondria in healthy and pathological pregnancies at high altitude. We  propose that a better understanding of placental metabolic responses to tissue  hypoxia would have important implications both for pregnancies at high altitude  and in complicated pregnancies more generally, and we outline technical  developments that allow the comprehensive assessment of placental mitochondrial  respiration in an integrated, physiologically relevant context.This article is  part of the discussion meeting issue 'Pregnancy at high altitude: the challenge  of hypoxia'.
Bone Jt Open. 2025 Aug 21;6(8):971-982. doi:  10.1302/2633-1462.68.BJO-2025-0005.R1.
DOI: 10.1302/2633-1462.68.BJO-2025-0005.
Author information: (1)Graduate Institute of Physiology, National Taiwan University College of  Medicine, Taipei, Taiwan R.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Prior to starting the investigation, study approval was obtained  from the Biomedical Research Ethics Committee of Allameh Tabatab’i University  (Ethics code: IR.ATU.REC.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Author information: (1)Division of Cancer Medicine, Hematology and Oncology Fellowship program, The  University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (2)Platform for Innovative Microbiome and Translational Research, Department of  Genomic Medicine, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston,  TX, USA. (3)Department of Head and Neck Surgery, The University of Texas MD Anderson  Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (4)Department of Anatomical Pathology, The University of Texas MD Anderson  Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (5)Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Division of Discovery  Sciences, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (6)Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm,  Sweden. (7)Department of Biomedical and Molecular Sciences, Queen's University,  Kingston, Ontario, Canada. (8)The Neurodegeneration Consortium, Therapeutics Discovery Division, University  of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (9)Department of Head and Neck Thoracic Medical Oncology, The University of  Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (10)Department of Melanoma Medical Oncology, Division of Cancer Medicine, The  University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (11)James P. Allison Institute, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer  Center, Houston, TX, USA. (12)Department of Dermatology, Royal London Hospital, Barts Health NHS Trust,  London, UK. (13)Centre for Cell Biology and Cutaneous Research, Blizard Institute, Faculty  of Medicine and Dentistry, Queen Mary University of London, London, UK. (14)Center for Systems Biology, Krantz Family Center for Cancer Research,  Department of Radiation Oncology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard  Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (15)Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. (16)Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA. (17)Department of Cancer Biology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer  Center, Houston, TX, USA. (18)Department of Genomic Medicine, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer  Center, Houston, TX, USA. (19)Department of Biology and Biochemistry, University of Houston Sequencing and  Gene Editing Core, University of Houston, Houston, TX, USA. (20)Department of Translational Molecular Pathology, The University of Texas MD  Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (21)Department of Cutaneous Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research  Institute, Tampa, FL, USA. (22)Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Division of  Discovery Sciences, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston,  TX, USA. jingwang@mdanderson.org. (23)Department of Immunology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center,  Houston, TX, USA. (24)Department of Dermatology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer  Center, Houston, TX, USA. (25)Translational Research Center, New York University College of Dentistry, New  York, NY, USA. (26)Pain Research Center, Department of Molecular Pathobiology, New York  University College of Dentistry, New York, NY, USA. (27)Cancer Biology and Immunotherapies Group, Sanford Research, Sioux Falls, SD,  USA. (28)Department of Periodontics and Oral Medicine, The University of Michigan,  Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (29)Department of Pathology, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (30)Department of Dermatology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (31)Department of Immunology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (32)Department of Hematopoietic Biology & Malignancies, Division of Cancer  Medicine, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (33)Department of Pain Medicine, Division of Anesthesiology, Critical Care, and  Pain Medicine, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX,  USA. (34)Department of Pathology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute,  Tampa, FL, USA. Kenneth.Tsai@moffitt.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.Y.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.P. and C.S.H.
Author information: (1)Research and Development Center for x-Dimensional Extracellular Vesicles,  China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, 404332, Taiwan. (2)Department of Bioinformatics and Medical Engineering, Asia University,  Taichung, 41354, Taiwan. (3)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences, China Medical University,  Taichung, 406040, Taiwan. (4)Research Center for Emerging Viral Infections, College of Medicine, Chang  Gung University, Taoyuan, 33302, Taiwan. (5)Department of Medical Biotechnology & Laboratory Science, College of  Medicine, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, 33302, Taiwan. (6)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, School of Medicine, Stanford  University, Stanford, CA, 94305, U.S. (7)Research and Development Center for x-Dimensional Extracellular Vesicles,  China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, 404332, Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.K.W.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The PhD  research of M.D. is funded by VLAIO through a Baekeland mandate in collaboration  with Metatecta NV (BioOrg/Living Solutions).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.J.T.
Author information: (1)Biotechnology Program, Faculty of Agriculture, Ain Shams University, Cairo,  11241, Egypt. (2)Department of Agricultural Microbiology, Faculty of Agriculture, Ain Shams  University, Cairo, 11241, Egypt. (3)Department of Genetics, Faculty of Agriculture, Ain Shams University, Hadayek  Shoubra, PO Box 68, Cairo, 11241, Egypt. (4)Department of Horticulture, Faculty of Agriculture, Ain Shams University,  Cairo, 11241, Egypt. (5)Water Pollution Research Department, Environment and Climate Change Research  Institute, National Research Centre, 33 El Buhouth Street, P.O. Box 12622, Giza,  Egypt.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study received ethical approvals from the following three  institutional review boards (IRB) for clinics in Chapel Hill, Chicago, and  Toronto: University of North Carolina Biomedical IRB (19–1786); Endeavor Health  IRB (EH18-129); and Clinical Trials Ontario (1895). No additional ethics  approval or informed consent was required for this secondary analysis. Consent  for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: S.M.-B.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: LM is a doctoral  researcher funded by a Vice-Chancellor's Fellowship at Loughborough University,  with funding aligned to the Sports for Climate Action and Nature (SCAN) cluster.  Conflict of interest: SAM has current/previous funding from Entrinsic Beverage  Company LLP and Herbalife Europe Ltd and has received conference funding from  Danone Nutricia and Unilever. LJJ has current/previous funding from Bunge Loders  Croklaan B.V., Herbalife Europe Ltd, Bridge Farm Nurseries Ltd, Entrinsic  Beverage Company LLP, Decathlon SA, PepsiCo Inc.
Author information: (1)Nutrition and Metabolism Branch, International Agency for Research on Cancer,  Lyon, France. jeroen.berden@ugent.be. (2)Department of Food Technology, Safety and Health, Faculty of Bioscience  Engineering, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. jeroen.berden@ugent.be. (3)Nutrition and Metabolism Branch, International Agency for Research on Cancer,  Lyon, France. (4)Department of Food Technology, Safety and Health, Faculty of Bioscience  Engineering, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (5)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, School of Public Health,  Imperial College London, London, UK. (6)Cancer Epidemiology and Prevention Research Unit, School of Public Health,  Imperial College London, London, UK. (7)Department of Community Medicine, UiT The Arctic University of Norway,  Tromsø, Norway. (8)Université Sorbonne Paris Nord and Université Paris Cité, INSERM, INRAE,  CNAM, Centre of Research in Epidemiology and StatisticS (CRESS), Nutritional  Epidemiology Research Team (EREN), Bobigny, France. (9)Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care, University Medical Center  Utrecht, Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (10)Centre on Climate Change and Planetary Health, MRC Unit The Gambia at London  School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, Fajara, The Gambia. (11)Department of Molecular Epidemiology, German Institute of Human Nutrition  Potsdam-Rehbruecke, Nuthetal, Germany. (12)Danish Cancer Institute, Copenhagen, Denmark. (13)Department of Public Health, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (14)Department of Public Health, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark. (15)Division of Cancer Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ),  Heidelberg, Germany. (16)Institute of Nutritional Science, University of Potsdam, Nuthetal, Germany. (17)Paris-Saclay University, UVSQ, INSERM, Gustave Roussy, CESP, Villejuif,  France. (18)International Agency for Research on Cancer, Lyon, France. (19)Department of Statistics, Computer Science, Applications 'G. Parenti',  University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (20)Ministry of Health of the Basque Government, Sub-Directorate for Public  Health and Addictions of Gipuzkoa, San Sebastián, Spain. (21)Biogipuzkoa Health Research Institute, Group of Epidemiology of Chronic and  Communicable Diseases, San Sebastián, Spain. (22)Centre for Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Public Health, Department of  Clinical and Biological Sciences, University of Turin, Orbassano, Italy. (23)Unit of Nutrition and Cancer, Catalan Institute of Oncology-ICO,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (24)Nutrition and Cancer Group, Epidemiology, Public Health, Cancer Prevention  and Palliative Care Program, Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute-IDIBELL,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (25)Department of Hygiene and Epidemiology, University of Ioannina School of  Medicine, Ioannina, Greece. (26)Department of Epidemiology, Regional Health Council, IMIB-Arrixaca, Murcia  University, Murcia, Spain. (27)CIBER in Epidemiology and Public Health (CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain. (28)Escuela Andaluza de Salud Pública (EASP), Granada, Spain. (29)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs.GRANADA, Granada, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: S.M., C.B.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.A.F.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.S. and E.M. are  co-founders of Nanotools Bioscience, a company focused on exploring the  optoelectronic properties of graphene for biomedical applications and developing  the tools and technologies for enabling these applications.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 European Federation of Internal Medicine. Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada. (2)Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada; Keenan  Research Centre for Biomedical Research, St. Michael's Hospital, Toronto, ON,  Canada. Electronic address: Corinne.Fischer@unityhealth.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The author is  an Editorial Board Member/Editor-in-Chief/Associate Editor/Guest Editor for this  journal and was not involved in the editorial review or the decision to publish  this article. This applies to Dilip Jeste and Corinne Fischer. The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Andrew Namasivayam has no competing  interests to report. Corinne Fischer reports receiving grant funding from the  following organizations over the last five years: NIH, NIA, CIHR, CCNA, the  Hilary and Galen Weston Foundation, ADDF, Brain Canada, Cortexyme, Vielight Inc,  Genetech, Hoffman La Roche, Novo Nordisk. Clive Ballard reports receiving  personal fees from Acadia, Johnson & Johnson, Janssen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli  Lilly, TauRx, Novo Nordisk, BioXcel Therapeutics, Orion, Addex, AARP, GW  Pharmaceuticals, Roche, Sunovion, Suven, and Biogen and grants from Novo Nordisk  and ReMYND. Jacobo Mintzer reports financial support was provided by  International Psychogeriatric Association. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship  with Axsome Therapeutics Inc that includes: board membership. Jacobo Mintzer  reports a relationship with National Institute on Aging that includes: funding  grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with AARP Global Council on Brain  Health that includes: board membership and travel reimbursement. Jacobo Mintzer  reports a relationship with Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc that includes: consulting  or advisory and travel reimbursement. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with  Alliance for Aging Research that includes: board membership. Jacobo Mintzer  reports a relationship with Alzheimer’s Association that includes: funding  grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with ACTC that includes: board  membership and funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with  Alzheimer’s Therapeutic Research Institute that includes: board membership and  funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with BioPharma Connex that  includes: board membership and equity or stocks. Jacobo Mintzer reports a  relationship with Exciva that includes: consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer  reports a relationship with Genetec Inc that includes: consulting or advisory.  Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with Lunbeck LLC that includes: consulting  or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with NeuroQuest Ltd. that  includes: board membership and equity or stocks. Jacobo Mintzer reports a  relationship with Otsuka America Pharmaceutical Inc that includes: consulting or  advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with Praxis Bioresearch that  includes: consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with  Recruitment Partners that includes: board membership and equity or stocks.  Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with Sunnybrook Research Institute that  includes: consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with  Suven Life Sciences Limited that includes: funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer  reports a relationship with Technology Accelerator Company that includes:  consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with AiOmed that  includes: consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with EQT  Group that includes: consulting or advisory. Jacobo Mintzer reports a  relationship with the National Institutes for Health that includes: funding  grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with Eisai Inc. that includes:  funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with Alzheimer’s  Association that includes: funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship  with the Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation (ADDF) that includes: funding  grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with the Cognition Therapeutics,  Inc. that includes: funding grants. Jacobo Mintzer reports a relationship with  the GHR Foundation that includes: funding grants. Sanjeev Pathak reports a  relationship with Acadia Pharmaceuticals that includes: employment and stock  ownership. Dilip Jeste has no competing interests to report. Kathryn Mills has  no competing interests to report. Joanne McDermid reports receiving personal  fees from Acadia Pharmaceuticals. Zahinoor Ismail reports receiving funding  grants from NIA, CIHR, CCNA, Brain Canada, ADDF, Weston Foundation, Gordie Howe  CARES. Zahinoor Ismail reports receiving consulting fees from Otsuka/Lundbeck,  Roche, Novo Nordisk, Eisai, Eli Lilly. Zahinoor Ismail reports participation on  a data safety monitoring board for the OCEANS study Johns Hopkins andBioXcel  BXCL501. Byron Creese reports a relationship with IGC Pharma that includes:  consulting or advisory. Byron Creese reports a relationship with Milbotix Ltd  that includes: consulting or advisory. Byron Creese reports a relationship with  National Institute of Health and Care Research that includes: funding grants.  Jeffrey L. Cummings (JLC) has provided consultation to Acadia, Acumen, ALZpath,  Annovis, Artery, Axsome, Biogen, Biohaven, Bristol-Myers Squib, Cervomed, Eisai,  Fosun, GAP Foundation, Green Valley, Hummingbird Diagnostics. IGC, Janssen,  Kinoxis, Lighthouse, Lilly, Lundbeck, LSP/eqt, Merck, MoCA Cognition, Novo  Nordisk, NSC Therapeutics, Optoceutics, Otsuka, Praxis, ReMYND, Roche, Scottish  Brain Sciences, Signant Health, Simcere, sinaptica, T-Neuro, TrueBinding, and  Vaxxinity pharmaceutical, assessment, and investment companies. Dr. Cummings is  co-founder of CNS Innovations and Mangrove Therapeutics. JLC is supported by  NIGMS grant P20GM109025; NIA R35AG71476; NIA R25AG083721–01; NINDS RO1NS139383;  Alzheimer’s Disease Drug Discovery Foundation (ADDF); Ted and Maria Quirk  Endowment; Joy Chambers-Grundy Endowment. JLC owns the copyright of the  Neuropsychiatric Inventory. JLC has stocks options in Annovis, Artery,  Vaxxinity, Behrens, Alzheon, MedAvante-Prophase, Acumen. JLC has participated in  speaker’s bureaus for Roche pharmaceuticals, Otsuka, and Lundbeck. JLC is a  member of the editorial boards of the Journal of Prevention of Alzheimer’s  Disease and Translational Neurodegeneration. Adriana P. Hermida reports  receiving grant funding from the National Institute of Aging (NIA),  Electroconvulsive Therapy versus Usual Care for the Acute Management of Severe  Agitation in Dementia (ECT-AD), under award number R01AG06110001. Additionally,  she received funding from the George Institute, The National Health and Medical  Research Council (NHMRC), Australia’s largest health and medical research  funding body to study a new electrode placement for ECT. Not related in any  aspect to this manuscript. Sue Peschin reports serving as president and CEO of  the Alliance for Aging Research (Alliance). Unrelated to this manuscript, the  Alliance receives funding from biomedical companies for non-branded health  education and advocacy on neuropsychiatric symptoms of dementia. Victor Abler  reports a relationship with Acadia Pharmaceuticals that includes: employment and  stock ownership. Manabu Ikeda reports a relationship with Eisai Inc, Eli Lilly,  Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Novo Nordisk that includes consulting or advisory, and  receives honoraria from Eisai Inc, Eli Lilly, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Sumitomo  Pharma for lectures. Anne Margriet Pot has no competing interests to report.  Maria Paula Gastiazoro reports that financial support for her role as a medical  writer was provided by the International Psychogeriatric Association. Mary Sano  reports a Consultant/Advisor relationship with Eisai, Avenir, vTv, Biogen,  BioXcel, F.Hoffman LaRoche.
Author information: (1)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Brigham and Women's Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA; Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA; CardioVascular Institute  (CVI), Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, MA, USA; Division of Sleep  Medicine, Harvard University Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. Electronic  address: tfaquih@bwh.harvard.edu. (2)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Brigham and Women's Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA; Division of Sleep Medicine, Harvard University Medical School,  Boston, MA, USA. (3)Department of Epidemiology, The University of Texas Health Science Center at  Houston, Houston, TX, USA. (4)Department of Epidemiology and Population Health, Albert Einstein College of  Medicine, Bronx, NY, USA. (5)Department of Paediatrics, Institute for Translational Genomics and  Population Sciences, The Lundquist Institute for Biomedical Innovation,  Harbor-UCLA Medical Centre, Torrance, CA, USA. (6)Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland  (FIMM), Helsinki Institute of Life Science (HiLIFE), University of Helsinki,  Helsinki, Finland; Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Diseases, Head and Neck  Center, Cleft Palate and Craniofacial Centre, Department of Plastic Surgery,  University of Helsinki and Helsinki University Hospital, Finland. (7)Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland  (FIMM), Helsinki Institute of Life Science (HiLIFE), University of Helsinki,  Helsinki, Finland; Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA; Anesthesia, Critical Care, and Pain Medicine, Massachusetts  General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (8)Laboratory of Epidemiology and Population Sciences, Intramural Research  Program, National Institute on Aging, Baltimore, MD, USA. (9)Department of Biochemistry, University of Vermont, Burlington, VT, USA. (10)Department of Biostatistics, University of Washington, Seattle, USA. (11)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA,  USA. (12)Metabolite Profiling Platform, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard,  Cambridge, MA, USA. (13)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Brigham and Women's Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA; CardioVascular Institute (CVI), Beth Israel Deaconess Medical  Center, Boston, MA, USA; Division of Sleep Medicine, Harvard University Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School  of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures Dr Lu has  received research grants from the U.S. National Institutes of Health, the  Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute, and the Sentara Research  Foundation outside of the submitted work.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele (MI),  Italy; Mount Sinai Fuster Heart Hospital, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount  Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (2)Justus-Liebig University of Giessen, Department of Cardiology & Angiology,  Giessen, Germany; Kerckhoff Heart Center, Bad Nauheim, Germany. (3)Cardiovascular Department, Interventional Cardiology Unit, Fondazione  Poliambulanza Istituto Ospedaliero, Brescia, Italy. (4)Department of Cardiac, Thoracic and Vascular Sciences and Public Health,  University of Padova, Padova, Italy. (5)Clinique Pasteur, Toulouse, France. (6)U.O.C.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: M. Barthet has received research grants from  Boston Scientific (2018–2024) and Endotools (2019–2025), and has provided  consultancy to Taewoong (2021–2025). J. Bornschein receives an advisory board  fee from Juvisé (April 2025–March 2026). I. Hritz has consultancy and training  links with Olympus (from 2017, ongoing) and consultancy and speaker links with  MicroTech (from 2023, ongoing). A. Monged has received sponsorship from Fuji  (2-day endoscopy course, June 2025) and Ovesco (1-day endoscopy course, March  2025). E. Rodriguez de Santiago has participated in educational activities with,  provided consultancy to, and received speaker’s fees and research grants from  Olympus, Izasa, ERBE, Apollo, 3 D Matrix, and Norgine (2017–2025). P. Siersema’s  department has received research support from Pentax (since 2015), Fujifilm  (since 2023), and MicroTech (since 2017). S. Afify, M. Areia, M. Arvanitakis, P.  Bhandari, R. Bisschops, I. Boskoski, H.-L. Ching, P.G. Delgado Guillena, B.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests This work was funded  through a collaborative research agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb. L.C.,  M.S., and Q.Z. are full-time employees of Bristol-Myers Squibb and hold shares  of Bristol-Myers Squibb stock.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: M.C. Walker has acted as a consultant for Seer  and EpilepsyGtx; is a founder shareholder in EpilepsyGtx; and has received  honoraria from Eisai, Angelini, and Union Chimique Belge (UCB) Pharma.
Author information: (1)Department of Neuroscience, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis,  United States. (2)Ph.D. Program in Neuroscience, Washington University in St.
OBJECTIVES: Only 12% of people recommended fracture prevention medicines remain  on treatment 1 year post fracture. The improving uptake of Fracture Prevention  treatments (iFraP) intervention aims to improve shared decision-making (SDM)  about, and uptake of, osteoporosis medicines in Fracture Liaison Services (FLS).  This paper details development and feasibility. METHODS: Intervention development was underpinned by (1) theories of SDM,  medicines adherence, and behaviour change; (2) integrated findings from seven  development studies; and (3) extensive patient and clinician contribution,  identifying key 'needs' to address and the intervention's content, functionality  and scope.Feasibility testing was conducted at one English FLS.
Singapore Med J. 2025 Aug 1;66(8):413-415. doi:  10.4103/singaporemedj.SMJ-2025-078.
Author information: (1)Department of Biosciences, School of Science, Indrashil University, Rajpur,  Mehsana, Gujarat, 382715, India. (2)The Interdisciplinary Research Group on Biomedicine and Health (IRGBH),  International School, Vietnam National University, Hanoi, Vietnam. (3)Faculty of Applied Sciences, International School, Vietnam National  University, Hanoi, Vietnam. (4)Department of Microbiology, Gargi College, University of Delhi, Siri Fort  Road, New Delhi, 110049, India. (5)School of Life Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, India. (6)The Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research, Ben-Gurion University of  the Negev, 84105, Beer Sheva, Israel. (7)Marine Algal Research Station, CSIR-Central Salt Marine and Chemicals  Research Institute, Mandapam Camp, Mandapam, Tamil Nadu, 623519, India. (8)Graduate School of Biomedical Science and Engineering, Hanyang University,  Seoul, South Korea. (9)College of Medicine, Hanyang University, Seoul, South Korea. (10)Department of Clinical Laboratories Sciences, College of Applied Medical  Sciences, Taif University, P.O. Box 11099, 21944, Taif, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Instituto de Sistemas e Robótica-Lisbon and Departamento de Bioengenharia,  Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa, Lisboa, Portugal. (2)C.J. Gorter MRI Center, Department of Radiology, Leiden University Medical  Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.
Author information: (1)Eye Clinic, Department of Experimental and Clinical Medicine, Polytechnic  University of Marche, Ancona, Italy. marcomed2@gmail.com. (2)Department of Ophthalmology, University Vita-Salute, Scientific Institute San  Raffaele, Milan, Italy. (3)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  Milan, Italy. (4)Eye Clinic, IRCCS MultiMedica, Milan, Italy. (5)IRCCS Fondazione G.B. Bietti, Rome, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:J.T. has a  speaking, advisory, and consultancy with Haystack Oncology, Amgen, Novartis,  AstraZeneca, Merck Serono, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Beigene, Pierre Fabre, Bristol  Myers Squibb, Gilead, and Daiichi Sankyo.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:J.T. has a  speaking, advisory, and consultancy with Haystack Oncology, Amgen, Novartis,  AstraZeneca, Merck Serono, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Beigene, Pierre Fabre, Bristol  Myers Squibb, Gilead, and Daiichi Sankyo.
Plain Language Summary: Internalised ableism may hinder a newly injured person’s  long-term acceptance of life with a disability.There may be a disproportionate  focus on standing and walking in spinal cord injury rehabilitation, driven by  ableist assumptions and common cultural narratives.
PurposeThe purpose of this systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness  of mHealth-based self-management interventions on self-efficacy among patients  with type 2 diabetes.MethodsFollowing PRISMA guidelines, a systematic search was  conducted across Medline, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, and OVID databases.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, University Medical Center Utrecht Brain Center, the  Netherlands (J.M.B.
Researchers looked at data from the largest and longest-running database of  children with growth disorders who were treated with daily injections of a brand  of growth hormone called Genotropin. The researchers used these data to better  understand the safety and effectiveness of daily growth hormone treatment.  Researchers showed that daily growth hormone treatment: ○ Increased the  children's heights, measured after 1 year of treatment. This was seen for all of  the growth disorders studied. ○ Increased growth in children of different ages,  with higher growth seen in children who had begun treatment before they started  puberty. ○ Allowed short children to reach an adult height within the normal  range. This was true even for children who did not begin treatment until early  adolescence. ○ Was safe. Only a very small percentage (3%) of children had any  side effects related to growth hormone treatment, the most common of which was  headaches. When children reach the end of puberty, their growth plates close and  they are unable to grow any taller. Once this happens, growth hormone treatment  cannot increase their growth further and treatment should be stopped. The  purpose of this plain language summary is to help you to understand the findings  from recent research. Somatropin is used to treat the conditions under study  that are discussed in this summary. Approval varies by country; please check  with your local healthcare provider for more details.The results of this study  may differ from those of other studies.
INTRODUCTION: Cognitive screening to detect mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and  dementia in primary care settings has proven to be a challenging task. The ideal  solution would be a brief, yet sensitive, tool appropriate for use with  individuals from diverse educational and cultural backgrounds that requires  limited time and expertise from clinic staff. The purpose of this project was  (1) to develop an automated cognitive screening tool incorporating cognitive and  speech/language data using machine learning techniques for potential use in  primary care settings and (2) to compare its classification accuracy to an  established cognitive screening measure. METHODS: Participants were 53 cognitively normal and 51 cognitively impaired  older adults. Each completed a working memory (WM) and four speaking tasks,  followed by a second administration of WM to investigate the added utility of  practice effects. Bayesian additive regression trees were used to test nine  models, and the Quick Mild Cognitive Impairment screen was administered as a  comparator. RESULTS: The top feature set consisted of both administrations of the WM task  and a personal narrative task and achieved a cross-validated classification  accuracy (area under the receiver operating characteristics curve) of 0.84,  which was slightly better than the comparator. DISCUSSION: Combining WM and acoustic and linguistic variables derived from  connected speaking tasks discriminated cognitively normal from cognitively  impaired groups with a high degree of accuracy. HIGHLIGHTS: Working memory and speaking tasks were used for detection of  cognitive impairment.This combination distinguished cognitively normal from  impaired older adults.This automated tool may overcome barriers to cognitive  screening in primary care.
Conflict of interest statement: DECLARATION OF INTERESTS S.P. is currently  employed by MedTherapy Biotech, Boston, MA, USA.T.I.
Conflict of interest statement: T.P. received funding from Pfizer Medical  Education Group, Dracen Pharmaceuticals, Kymera Therapeutics, Bristol Myers  Squibb, and Agios Pharmaceuticals not related to the submitted work.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interests M.J.E.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests S.P. has served as a  consultant / steering committee member for Vedanta Biosciences and has received  speaker / advisory board fees from AbbVie, Dr Falk Pharma, Ferring, Janssen and  Takeda.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interest E.C. served as a paid  consultant to DotQuant, and received Institutional sponsored research funding  unrelated to this work from AstraZeneca, AbbVie, Gilead, Sanofi, Zenith  Epigenetics, Bayer Pharmaceuticals, Forma Therapeutics, Genentech, GSK, Janssen  Research, Kronos Bio, Foghorn Therapeutics, K36 Therapeutics, and MacroGenics.
BackgroundDuchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) leads to dilated cardiomyopathy and  heart failure during teenage years or young adulthood. Eteplirsen promotes  dystrophin production through skipping of exon 51 of the DMD gene.ObjectiveThis  analysis compared LVEF decline between eteplirsen-treated and control patients  with exon 51 skip-amenable DMD.MethodsEteplirsen-treated patients from clinical  trials were matched with control patients from natural history studies in a  propensity score analysis.
Conflict of interest statement: L.S. is supported by the University of Basel,  Switzerland, and the Freiwillige Akademische Gesellschaft Basel.
Author information: (1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, The Third Xiangya Hospital, Central South  University, Changsha, 410013, China. (2)Department of Biomedical Imaging and Image-Guided Therapy, Division of  Nuclear Medicine, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (3)Department of Rheumatology, Xiangya Hospital, Central South University, No.87  Xiangya Road, Changsha, 410008, Hunan Province, China. (4)Department of Radiology, Chongqing University Three Gorges Hospital,  Chongqing University, Chongqing, Chongqing, 410008, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of  the Third Xiangya Hospital, Central South University (No.FR25317), and written  informed consent was obtained from all participants.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.A.V.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Institutional review board statement: The study  was conducted in accordance with the Decla-ration of Helsinki and approved by  the Institutional Review Board (or Ethics Committee) of Faculty of Medicine,  University of Indonesia-Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital, with reference number  KET-1112/UN2.F1/ETIK/PPM.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.A., M.C., A.E. and C.A.  are employees of Novo Nordisk A/S.
Author information: (1)Department of Cellular and Molecular Biology, School of Biology, Institute of  Biological Sciences, Damghan University, Damghan, Iran. (2)Department of Computer, Da.C., Islamic Azad University, Damghan, Iran.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All procedures performed in the study involving human participants  were conducted according to the ethical standards of the institutional and  national research committee and of the 1975 Helsinki Declaration and its later  amendments or comparable ethical standards. This study was approved by the  Biomedical Research Ethics Committee of Damghan Islamic Azad University, which  issued the study’s code of ethics (IR.IAU.
Author information: (1)Migraine Specialist, Spring Hill, Brisbane, QLD, Australia. (2)The Alfred Hospital, Austin Health and Monash University, Melbourne, VIC,  Australia. (3)Pfizer Australia Pty Ltd, Level 15, 151 Clarence Street, Sydney, NSW,  Australia. Benjamin.Harvey@pfizer.
Author information: (1)School of Physical Sciences, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru Campus,  Mysuru, 570 026, Karnataka, India. (2)Department of Biotechnology, Graphic Era Deemed to be University, Clement  Town, Dehradun, 248 002, Uttarakhand, India. (3)Department of Biotechnology, IILM University, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh,  201301, India. (4)Department of Biotechnology, GM University, Davangere, 577 006, Karnataka,  India. (5)Department of Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, JSS Academy of Higher  Education & Research, Mysuru, 570 015, Karnataka, India. (6)Department of Studies in Biotechnology, Davangere University, Shivagangothri,  Davangere, 577 002, Karnataka, India. (7)Department of Physiology, Biochemistry, and Pharmacology, College of  Veterinary Medicine, University of Kirkuk, Kirkuk, 36001, Iraq. (8)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, College of Pharmacy, King Saud  University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. (9)Department of Clinical Sciences, College of Veterinary Medicine, Kansas State  University, Manhattan, KS, 66506-5606, USA. (10)Department of Hospital Surgery, Pirogov Russian National Research Medical  University, Moscow, Russia, 117997. (11)Institute of Digital Biodesign and Modeling of Living Systems, I.M. Sechenov  First Moscow State Medical University (Sechenov University), Moscow, Russia,  119991.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. CRediT statement. S.S.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.L.P.
Author information: (1)Biotechnology Center, Technische Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany.  simon.alberti@tu-dresden.de. (2)Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences, ETH Zurich, Zurich,  Switzerland. (3)Laboratory of Chemical Physics, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive  and Kidney Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, USA. (4)Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine,  Houston, TX, USA. (5)Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute, Texas Children's  Hospital, Houston, TX, USA. (6)Therapeutic Innovation Center (THINC), Baylor College of Medicine, Houston,  TX, USA. (7)Center for Alzheimer's and Neurodegenerative Diseases (CAND), Baylor College  of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA. (8)Dan L Duncan Comprehensive Cancer Center (DLDCCC), Baylor College of  Medicine, Houston, TX, USA. (9)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg  School of Public Health, Baltimore, USA. (10)Yusuf Hamied Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge, Lensfield  Road, Cambridge, CB2 1EW, UK. rc597@cam.ac.uk. (11)Department of Genetics, University of Cambridge, Downing Pl, Cambridge, CB2  3EH, UK. rc597@cam.ac.uk. (12)Department of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering, Rutgers, State  University of New Jersey, Piscataway, USA. (13)Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces, Potsdam, Germany. (14)Structural Biology Initiative, Advanced Science Research Center, CUNY, New  York, NY, USA. (15)Ph.D. Programs in Biology, Biochemistry, and Chemistry, Graduate Center of  the City University of New York, New York, NY, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.A. is a scientific  advisor and shareholder of Dewpoint Therapeutics.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Seoul National  University College of Medicine and Hospital, 101 Daehakro, Jongno-gu, Seoul,  03080, Korea. (2)Kidney Research Institute, Seoul National University Medical Research Center,  Seoul, 03080, Korea. (3)Department of Chemistry, Washington University in St.Louis, St.Louis, MO,  USA.
PURPOSE: To identify the disease-causing gene behind infertile couples with  female infertility and abnormal fertilization. METHODS: Whole-exome sequencing and Sanger sequencing were used to identify  variants in disease-causing genes in 119 infertile couples with abnormal  fertilization. Molecular modeling and functional analysis were used to evaluate  the pathogenic effects of the variants. RESULTS: We identified one homozygous ASTL variant and three homozygous WEE2  variants from four affected individuals. Among them, WEE2 variants  c.1006-1007insTA (p.His337Tyrfs*24) and c.
While overall survival has been extensively studied in amyloidosis, less  attention has been given to patient-centered measures that integrate morbidity  and mortality. Days Alive and Out of Hospital (DAOH) is an emerging metric that  captures both aspects and has potential utility in the evaluation of disease  impact.To describe DAOH in patients with wild-type transthyretin amyloidosis  (ATTRwt) and explore factors associated with DAOH.Retrospective cohort study  used the Institutional Registry of Amyloidosis database of the Hospital Italiano  de Buenos Aires (2015-2023).
Author information: (1)Makerere University Lung Institute, PO Box 26343, Kampala, Uganda.  bbjoe18@gmail.com. (2)Division of Pulmonology, Kiruddu National Referral Hospital, Kampala, Uganda.  bbjoe18@gmail.com. (3)Makerere University Lung Institute, PO Box 26343, Kampala, Uganda. (4)Department of Internal Medicine, Makerere University College of Health  Sciences, Kampala, Uganda. (5)Division of Pulmonology, Kiruddu National Referral Hospital, Kampala, Uganda. (6)The African Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics and Data Intensive  Sciences, Kampala, Uganda. (7)Department of Immunology and Molecular Biology, School of Biomedical  Sciences, College of Health Sciences, Makerere University, P.O. Box 7072,  Kampala, Uganda.
Author information: (1)School of Mathematics and Statistics, Central South University, Changsha,  410083, China. (2)Department of Mathematics, College of Science, King Saud University, P.O. Box  2455, 11451, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbial Infection and Immunity, Infectious Disease Institute,  The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (2)Division of Medicinal Chemistry and Pharmacognosy, College of Pharmacy, The  Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (3)Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus,  OH, USA. (4)Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. (5)Translational Data Analytics Institute (TDAI), The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. (6)Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Delaware, Newark, DE,  USA. (7)Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Department of Medicine, Washington  University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO, USA. (8)Department Veterinary Biosciences, College of Veterinary Medicine, The Ohio  State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (9)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care, and Sleep Medicine, Department of  Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (10)Department of Host-Microbe Interactions and Department of Immunology, St.  Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, TN, USA. (11)Pelotonia Institute for Immuno-Oncology, The Ohio State University  Comprehensive Cancer Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (12)Department of Microbial Infection and Immunity, Infectious Disease  Institute, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. Haitao.Wen@osumc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: JB reports consulting fees  from Synchron, and the UK Advanced Research and Invention Agency. When this  study was conducted, AK, CE, VSAT, GR, and TJO were employees of Synchron and  report stock options of Synchron. AB is the chief marketing officer, a board  member, and a shareholder of Bendit. AHS: Consulting fees: Amnis Therapeutics,  ApellisPharmaceuticals, Inc., Boston Scientific, Canon Medical Systems USA,  Inc., Cardinal Health 200, LLC, Cerebrotech Medical Systems, Inc., Cerenovus,  Cerevatech Medical,Inc., Cordis, Corindus, Inc., Endostream Medical, Ltd,  Imperative Care, Integra, IRRASAB, Medtronic, MicroVention, Minnetronix Neuro,  Inc., Penumbra, Q’Apel Medical,Inc., Rapid Medical, Serenity Medical, Inc., Silk  Road Medical, StimMed, LLC, Stryker Neurovascular, Three Rivers Medical, Inc.,  VasSol, Viz. ai, Inc., W.L. Gore & Associates.Leadership or fiduciary role in  other board, society, committee or advocacy group: Secretary of the Board of the  Society of NeuroInterventional Surgery, Chair ofthe Cerebrovascular Section of  the AANS/CNS.
OBJECTIVE: If clinical trials measure and report the outcomes included in core  outcome sets (COS) for a given condition/disease as a minimum, this has the  potential to improve comparability between trials and prevent research waste.  Until now, the uptake of the Bronchiectasis and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS)  COS has not been assessed.This study assessed the uptake of Bronchiectasis and  HS COS using a review of trial registries, with entries taken from  ClinicalTrials.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Tri-Service General Hospital, National  Defense Medical University, No.325, Sec. 2, Chenggong Rd. Neihu Dist., Taipei  City 11490, Taiwan. (2)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Materials and Tissue Engineering,  International Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Biomedical  Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City 235603, Taiwan.
Gastrointestinal endoscopy is a major contributor of medical waste and  greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Sustainable waste management practices could  help reduce its environmental footprint.A prospective exploratory study was  conducted at IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital from April to June 2023.
BACKGROUND: Hypokalemic periodic paralysis (HPP) is a rare genetic neuromuscular  disorder characterized by an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern and a  variable clinical phenotype. It is associated with low potassium levels due to  defects in muscle ion channels. HPP can be life-threatening, but it can be  completely reversed if diagnosed and treated promptly and correctly. Pathogenic  variants in a heterozygous in the CACNA1S or SCN4A genes lead to HPP. CLINICAL CASE: We present a 16-year-old male with a clinical history of flaccid  paralysis associated with hypokalemia following intense physical activity and  subsequent COVID-19 infection. During this evaluation, his 12-year-old maternal  half-brother exhibited similar symptoms related to intense physical exercise.  The affected mother, maternal aunt, and maternal grandfather have variable  clinical histories. Genetic testing identified a heterozygous pathogenic  variation in the CACNA1S gene (c.2700G>A; p.Arg900Ser) in the patient, his  mother, and maternal half-brother.
Publisher: INTRODUCCIÓN: La parálisis periódica hipopotasémica (PPH) es un  trastorno genético neuromuscular raro con un patrón de herencia autosómico  dominante y un fenotipo clínico variable que se relaciona con niveles bajos de  potasio secundarios a un defecto en los canales iónicos musculares. La PPH puede  poner en peligro la vida, pero puede revertirse por completo si se diagnostica y  trata de manera oportuna y correcta. Las variantes patogénicas en heterocigosis  en los genes CACNA1S o SCN4A dan como resultado PPH. CASO CLÍNICO: Se presenta el caso de un varón de 16 años con antecedentes  clínicos de parálisis fláccida asociada a hipopotasemia después de una actividad  física intensa con COVID-19. Durante esta evaluación, su hermano materno de 12  años manifestó síntomas similares asociados al ejercicio físico intenso. La  madre, la tía materna y el abuelo materno estaban afectados con antecedentes  clínicos variables. El estudio genético identificó una variación patogénica en  heterocigosis en el gen CACNA1S (c.2700G>A; p.Arg900Ser) en el paciente, su  madre y el hermano materno.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
INTRODUCTION: For children who initiate a vaccine series late, the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) provides a catch-up schedule to guide  providers in achieving full vaccination. Typically, the routine and catch-up  schedules recommend the same number of doses for series completion. However,  children starting pneumococcal (PCV) or Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib)  vaccination at or after 7 months often require fewer doses than earlier  initiators. We aimed to quantify late PCV and Hib series initiators and  determine series completion within CDC catch-up guidelines. METHODS: This cross-sectional study analyzed vaccine records from the 2016-2021  National Immunization Survey-Child. We quantified the prevalence of and  identified characteristics of children who initiated the PCV or Hib series at or  after age 7 months (215 days). We evaluated late initiators' series completion  based on age of series initiation and when subsequent doses were received. RESULTS: Of 99,652 children, 2.5 % (95 % CI: 2.2-2.7 %) and 2.3 % (95 % CI:  2.1-2.5 %) of U.S. children initiated PCV or Hib series late, respectively.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: S.W. Seo is a co-founder of BeauBrain Healthcare  Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: A. Cagol is supported by the Horizon 2020  Eurostar program (grant E!113682) and received speaker honoraria from Novartis  and Roche. M. Weigel received research money from Biogen in the past. Ö.  Yaldizli received grants from ECTRIMS/MAGNIMS, University of Basel, Pro Patient  Stiftung University Hospital Basel, Free Academy Basel, Swiss Multiple Sclerosis  Society, Swiss National Science Foundation and advisory board/lecture and  consultancy fees from Roche, Sanofi Genzyme, Allmirall, Biogen and Novartis. R.  Hoepner received speaker/advisor honorary from Merck, Novartis, Roche, Biogen,  Alexion, Sanofi, Janssen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Teva/Mepha and Almirall. He  received research support within the last 5 years from Roche, Merck, Sanofi,  Biogen, Chiesi, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. He also received research grants from  the Swiss MS Society, the SITEM Insel Support Fund and is a member of the  Advisory Board of the Swiss and International MS Society. He also serves as  deputy editor in chief for Journal of CNS Disease and is part of the ECTRIMS  Young Investigator Committee. P. Roth has received honoraria for lectures or  advisory board participation from Alexion, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer  Ingelheim, Debiopharm, Galapagos, Merck Sharp and Dohme, Laminar, Midatech  Pharma, Novocure, QED, Roche, Sanofi and Servier and research support from Merck  Sharp and Dohme and TME Pharma. C. Zecca: Ente Ospedaliero Cantonale (employer)  received compensation for C.Z.’s speaking activities, consulting fees, or grants  from AbbVie, Alexion, Almirall, Biogen, Bristol Meyer Squibb, Eisai, Lilly,  Lundbeck, Merck, Merz, Novartis, Organon, Pfizer, Sandoz, Sanofi, Teva Pharma,  Roche.
Author information: (1)Leicester Diabetes Centre and Leicester NIHR Biomedical Research Centre,  University of Leicester, University Hospitals Leicester, Leicester, U.K. (2)Institute of Metabolic Science-Medical Research Laboratories, University of  Cambridge, Cambridge, U.K. (3)MRC Epidemiology Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, U.K. (4)University of East Anglia, Bob Champion Building, Norwich Research Park,  Norwich, U.K. (5)Leeds Institute of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Medicine, School of Medicine,  University of Leeds, Leeds, U.K. (6)Newcastle University, Magnetic Resonance Centre, Campus for Ageing and  Vitality, Newcastle upon Tyne, Newcastle, U.
Nurs Educ Perspect. 2025 Sep-Oct 01;46(5):284-289. doi:  10.1097/01.NEP.
DOI: 10.1097/01.NEP.
Author information: (1)Department of Intensive Care, King's College London, Guy's & St Thomas'  Hospital, London, UK. Marlies.Ostermann@gstt.
Conflict of interest statement: T. Mahendiran is supported by a grant from the  Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF). M. Viscusi reports receiving research  grants provided by the CardioPath PhD programme. A. Wilgenhof and S. Corradetti  are supported by a research grant from the DigiCardioPaTh PhD programme,  Sapienza University, Rome, Italy. C. Collet reports receiving research grants  from Biosensors, Coroventis Research, Medis Medical Imaging, Pie Medical  Imaging, CathWorks, Boston Scientific, Siemens, HeartFlow, and Abbott; and  consultancy fees from HeartFlow, OpSens, Abbott, and Philips Volcano. N.H.J.
Clostridioides difficile PCR ribotype (RT) 002 is the second most prevalent RT  in the Netherlands. In 2019, an increase in Clostridioides difficile infections  (CDIs) due to clonal RT002 strains was reported in Ireland. In retrospect, a  significant increase in the proportion of CDI due to RT002 was detected in the  Netherlands between May 2017 and May 2018 (11.9% of 683 cases vs 6.5% of 865 in  the previous year). Our aim was to analyze and characterize CDI due to RT002  over time and to assess whether RT002 isolates in the Netherlands were related  to the Irish RT002 isolates.During the period from May 2009 to April 2021, Dutch  patients with CDI due to RT002 showed less severe CDI (22%) in comparison with  hypervirulent RTs (RT027, 29%, and RT078, 25%), similar to grouped data from  other non-hypervirulent ribotypes (21%).
Author information: (1)Dipartimento Cardiotoraco Vascolare, Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria  Pisana, Via Paradisa, 2 Pisa 56124, Italy. (2)Cardiovascular and Imaging Departments, Fondazione Toscana G. Monasterio, Via  Giuseppe Moruzzi, 1, Pisa 56124, Italy. (3)Department of Cardiology, University Medical Centre Ljubljana, Zaloška cesta  2, Ljubljana 1000, Slovenia. (4)Department of Cardiac Surgery, University Medical Centre Maribor, Ljubljanska  ulica 5, Maribor 2000, Slovenia. (5)Faculty of Medicine, University of Ljubljana, Vrazov trg 2, Ljubljana 1000,  Slovenia. (6)Department of Perioperative Cardiology and Cardiovascular Imaging, Centro  Cardiologico Monzino IRCCS, Via Carlo Parea, 4, Milano 20138, Italy. (7)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  Via Festa del Perdono 7, Milan 20122, Italy. (8)EcoHaertel-Mae de Deus Hospital, R. José de Alencar, 286-Menino Deus, Porto  Alegre, RS 90880-481, Brazil. (9)Federal University of Health Sciences of Porto Alegre (UFCSPA), R. Sarmento  Leite, 245-Centro Histórico, Porto Alegre, RS 90050-17, Brazil. (10)Institute of Cardiology-University Foundation of Cardiology, R. Sarmento  Leite, 245-Centro Histórico, Porto Alegre, RS 90050-170, Brazil. (11)Interdisciplinary Department of Medicine, University of Bari 'Aldo Moro',  Polyclinic University Hospital, Bari 70124, Italy. (12)Department of Radiology, IRCCS Policlinico San Martino Hospital, Largo  Rosanna Benzi, 10, Genova 16132, Italy. (13)Federal State Budgetary Institution 'Research Institute for Complex Issues  of Cardiovascular Disease', Kemerovo 650002, Blvd. named academician L.S.  Barbarasha, 6, Russian Federation.
Author information: (1)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale  School of Medicine, New Haven, CT. (A.F.P.
Infect Drug Resist. 2025 Aug 13;18:4023-4037. doi: 10.2147/IDR.S507753.
ObjectiveAcute lower limb ischemia (ALI) is closely linked to conditions like  diabetes mellitus and peripheral arterial disease, as well as the presence of  polyvascular disease (PVD). The present retrospective observational study aimed  to evaluate the impact of PVD on perioperative outcomes in patients with  ALI.MethodsAmong 161 consecutive patients, these were categorized into subgroups  based on their PVD status: control (N = 81), PVD1 (single arterial bed  involvement) (N = 62), and PVD2 (coronary and cerebrovascular) (N = 18).
Conflict of interest statement: J.C.P.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors have seen and approved the  manuscript. This manuscript has not been accepted or published elsewhere. S.G.  and J.B. are in receipt of research funding from Moderna Inc.
BackgroundParenthood is a key life goal for many, but infertility affects about  1 in 6 globally. While fertility treatments offer solutions, their high costs  limit access. Many health systems provide public funding, yet budget constraints  prevent fully funded access, often leaving patients with significant  out-of-pocket costs. Policy makers face the challenge of prioritizing  individuals for publicly funded treatments, but how to do this remains unclear  and underresearched. Worldwide, funding policies vary widely, often adopting  controversial access criteria.MethodsWe investigated Belgian population  preferences for prioritizing in vitro fertilization (IVF) funding through a  discrete-choice experiment with a representative sample of 3,000 Belgians.
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence shows that physical activity interventions can  improve attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. However,  understanding of its etiology, treatment, and intervention remains limited. This  study systematically analyzes literature from 2000 to 2004 to understand current  knowledge, status, and predict future trends, aiming to offer clinicians and  researchers a comprehensive perspective and reference for future studies. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted in the Web of Science  Core Collection. Cite Space (version 6.1.R3) and visualization of similarities  viewer (version 1.
Conflict of interest statement: Dr. Tsetsou is partially supported through  Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority of the U.S. Department of  Health and Human Services and U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.H. and N.D.P.
Author information: (1)Centre of Molecular Medicine and Diagnostics, Saveetha Dental College and  Hospitals, Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences, Saveetha  University, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. drsmohandoss@yu.ac.kr. (2)School of Chemical Engineering, Yeungnam University, Gyeongsan, 38541,  Republic of Korea. drsmohandoss@yu.ac.kr. (3)School of Chemical Engineering, Yeungnam University, Gyeongsan, 38541,  Republic of Korea. (4)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, King Saud University, P.O. Box  2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: This work was  funded by Beckman Colter K.K. research funding (Tokyo, Japan).
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study is part of the on-going GUSTO mother-offspring cohort  study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01174875). The study protocols were  approved by the National Health Care Group Domain Specific Review Board  (reference D/ 09/021) and the SingHealth Centralized Institutional Review Board  (reference 2009/280/D). A written informed consent was obtained from all  participants upon recruitment. Consent for publication: Not applicable.  Competing interests: S.Y.C reports a relationship with Société Des Produits  Nestlé S.A. that includes: funding grants, and speaking and lecture fees.
Breast cancer in women <40, accounting for ~5% of all breast cancer cases  diagnosed in the U.S., is more aggressive and associated with worse outcomes  compared to breast cancer in older women.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare no  competing interests but the following competing non-financial interests: H.H. is  a co-founder and shareholder of miRoncol Diagnostics, Inc.
Author information: (1)Biochemistry department, Egyptian Drug Authority (EDA), formerly National  Organization of Drug Control and Research (NODCAR), Giza, Egypt.  drehsankhedre@hotmail.com. (2)Developmental Pharmacology and acute toxicity department, Egyptian Drug  Authority (EDA), formerly National Organization of Drug Control and Research  (NODCAR), Giza, Egypt. (3)Pharmacognosy department (Applied Research Center of Medicinal Plants),  Egyptian Drug Authority (EDA), formerly National Organization of Drug Control  and Research (NODCAR), Giza, Egypt. (4)Department of Zoology, Faculty of Women for Arts, Science, and Education, Ain  Shams University, Cairo, Egypt. (5)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, College of Pharmacy, King Saud  University, P.O. Box 2457, 11451, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: A.E.P has  been supported by the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (T32HL069749) and  has received honoraria from Cytokinetics.
Author information: (1)Department of Genetics, Yale School of Medicine, Yale University, New Haven,  CT, USA. (2)Yale Cancer Biology Institute, Yale University, West Haven, CT, USA. (3)M.D.-Ph.D. Program, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.W., M.L., M.D.M.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective. Reliable control of lower limb prostheses during gait using surface  electromyography requires robust decoding of myoelectric signals to ensure  safety and efficiency. Conventional myoelectric pattern recognition (PR)  methods, which classify features extracted from each window, often yield  inaccurate and unstable output, limiting their practical use.Approach.
Author information: (1)Department of Epidemiology, Gillings School of Global Public Health,  University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC. (2)Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC. (3)Center for Computational and Genomic Medicine, Children's Hospital of  Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA. (4)The University of Oklahoma Health Sciences, Oklahoma City, OK. (5)MedStar Institute, Washington DC. (6)Texas Biomedical Research Institute, San Antonio, TX. (7)Centre for Genetics and Genomics Versus Arthritis, Centre for Musculoskeletal  Research, The University of Manchester, Manchester, U.K. (8)NIHR Manchester Biomedical Research Centre, Manchester University NHS  Foundation Trust, Manchester, U.K. (9)Department of Genetics, School of Medicine, University of North Carolina,  Chapel Hill, NC.
Obesity and diabetes are interlinked diseases, but it was unclear how obesity  vs. diabetes modifies the risk and severity of gut bacterial infection. We aimed  to determine how obesity or hyperglycemia, indicative of diabetes, altered  metabolic endotoxemia and severity of enteric infection. Metabolic endotoxemia  was determined using TLR4 activity reporter assay in serum from humans with  obesity or diabetes, and from hyperglycemic Akita+/- mice and genetically obese  ob/ob mice. Diarrhea severity during Escherichia coli infection was determined  in humans during a previous community outbreak. The enteropathogen Citrobacter  rodentium was used to define the mechanisms of action that altered the severity  of enteric infection in ob/ob and Akita+/- mice. We found that elevated blood  glucose, indicative of diabetes, was associated with increased occurrence and  severity of diarrhea during an E. coli outbreak in humans. Metabolic endotoxemia  occurred in a separate cohort of people with obesity who were normoglycemic or  hyperglycemic, and in mice with either obesity or hyperglycemia. Hyperglycemia,  not obesity, increased mortality during infection with the diarrhea-causing  pathogen C. rodentium in mouse models of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Common  indicators of poor prognosis, such as gut pathology, systemic bacteraemia, or  metabolic endotoxemia, did not predict worse outcomes during enteric infection  in diabetic mice. Hyperglycemia activated intestinal Wnt/β-catenin and increased  mortality, which could be reversed by blocking Wnt/β-catenin, lowering blood  glucose, or restoring fluid balance during infection. The increased severity of  infection via overactivation of intestinal Wnt/β-catenin during hyperglycemia  may be a potential target for therapeutics.NEW & NOTEWORTHY We show that  elevated blood glucose is associated with worse diarrhea during an Escherichia  coli outbreak in humans.
Author information: (1)Institute for Cancer Research, Prevention and Clinical Network (ISPRO),  Florence, Italy. (2)Department of Health Sciences, School of Specialization in Hygiene and  Preventive Medicine, University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (3)Associazione Nazionale Donne Operate al Seno - ANDOS, Milan, Italy. (4)Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Sant'Andrea, Rome, Italy. (5)Division of Pathology, Department of Translational Research and New  Technologies in Medicine and Surgery, University of Pisa, Pisa, Italy. (6)Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Città della Salute e della Scienza, Turin,  Italy. (7)Division of Pathology, Azienda Ospedaliera San Giovanni-Addolorata, Rome,  Italy. (8)Anatomic Pathology, Azienda Sanitaria Territoriale di Pesaro-Urbino, Pesaro,  Italy. (9)Breast Medical Oncology, Oncology Department, Azienda  Ospedaliero-Universitaria Careggi, Florence, Italy. (10)Division of Pathology, Santa Croce Hospital, Moncalieri, Turin, Italy. (11), Florence, Italy. (12)S.O.C.
Author information: (1)School of Medicine, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu, Taiwan R.O.C.
Plain Language Summary: Cancer patients receiving chemotherapy often experience  fatigue and reduced physical activity levels, but little is known about the  physical activity levels of those receiving immunotherapy with immune-checkpoint  inhibitors. Emerging research suggests that exercise might enhance the  results of immunotherapy. Our study aimed to measure physical activity levels  during immunotherapy and examine their relationship with patient-reported  fatigue and quality of life. We found that fewer than half of patients met  physical activity recommendations and that patients who were more physically  active reported fewer problems in self-care and usual activities.These findings  highlight the need to encourage physical activity in patients undergoing  immunotherapy and may guide future research on improving their quality of life.
Bastroviruses (BastV) are non-enveloped single-stranded positive-sense RNA  viruses that have been discovered recently in feces samples of different animals  and humans. The non-structural proteins of these viruses show similarities to  those of hepevirids (Hepeviridae), and the structural proteins exhibit  similarities to those of astrovirids (Astroviridae). BastVs have been found in  fecal samples of mammals, amphibians, and invertebrates, but the association of  infection and clinical disease manifestations has not been established. Here, we  report the identification of porcine bastroviruses (PoBastV) in central nervous  system (CNS) tissue samples of domestic pigs that presented fatal neurological  disease in two unrelated disease outbreak scenarios in Australia and  Switzerland. Viral metatranscriptomics of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded  (FFPE) CNS tissues identified genomic sequences of two genetically closely  related PoBastV strains (PoBastV AUS/2015 and CHE/2022). Genomic RNA of both  strains was readily detected by in situ RNA hybridization in neurons and glial  cells of CNS tissues presenting histopathological lesions, thus supporting a  plausible causal relationship between neurotropism and disease. We generated a  molecular cDNA clone of PoBastV CHE/2022 and rescued infectious virus by reverse  genetics in swine kidney cells (SK6) and further virus passage in intestinal  porcine enterocytes (IPEC-J2). We used transmission electron microscopy to  demonstrate PoBastV CHE/2022 virions in infected IPEC-J2 cells. These findings  pave the way toward PoBastV as one of the etiologies of neurological disease  outbreaks. Additionally, they allow studies further elucidating the molecular  biology and pathogenesis of emerging BastV infections.IMPORTANCEBastroviruses  (BastV) have been discovered recently in feces samples of different animals and  humans.
Chronic wasting disease (CWD) is a universally fatal, transmissible prion  disease affecting cervids. Primarily found among deer populations in North  America, the disease has spread across the continent and made forays into Europe  and Asia as well. Currently, accurate methods for detecting CWD infection  require postmortem dissection of the lymph nodes and brainstem of affected  animals. New, high-sensitivity methods of identifying CWD in living animals are  sorely needed to help curb the spread of this devastating disease in captive and  wild deer. Here, we use two-dimensional gas chromatography-mass spectrometry  (GCxGC-MS) to detect volatile organic compounds (VOCs) released from feces of  white-tailed deer (WTD) for differentiation of the feces of CWD-negative and  CWD-positive animals. We report 4 discrete VOCs in captive WTD and 10 discrete  VOCs in wild WTD, with which we can discriminate CWD-positive and CWD-negative  samples. Additionally, we evaluate the ability to detect biomarkers associated  with CWD early during disease progression, by comparing samples from the early  stage of infection with samples from the late stage and uninfected WTD. Our data  suggest that detection of VOCs from the feces of WTD-both in captive and wild  populations-can serve as a highly sensitive and non-invasive technique for  identifying CWD infection in living animals.IMPORTANCEChronic wasting disease  (CWD) is a deadly, transmissible prion disease of cervids.
Author information: (1)Amsterdam UMC Location University of Amsterdam, Department of Pulmonary  Medicine, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (2)Amsterdam Institute for Infection and Immunity, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (3)Amsterdam Public Health, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (4)Department of Paediatric Pulmonary Medicine, Emma Children's Hospital,  Amsterdam UMC, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (5)Department of Experimental Immunology, Amsterdam UMC Location University of  Amsterdam, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (6)National Heart and Lung Institute, Imperial College London, London, UK. (7)Royal Brompton & Harefield Hospital, London, UK. (8)European Institute for Systems Biology and Medicine, CIRI UMR5308,  CNRS-ENS-UCBL-INSERM, Lyon, France. (9)Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of  Kiel, Kiel, Germany. (10)Acclarogen Ltd., St. John's Innovation Centre, Cambridge, UK. (11)Science and Development Campus Regensburg (WECARE), university Children's  Hospital Regensburg (KUNO) at the Hospital St. Hedwig of the Order of St. John,  University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany. (12)COPSAC, Copenhagen Prospective Studies on Asthma in Childhood, Copenhagen  University Hospital-Herlev and Gentofte, Copenhagen, Denmark. (13)Division of Pediatric Respiratory Medicine, Hospital Universitario Donostia,  San Sebastián, Spain. (14)Clinical Lung and Allergy Research Unit, Department of Medicine Huddinge,  Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden. (15)Integrative Metabolomics Unit, Institute of Environmental Medicine,  Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden. (16)Department of Respiratory Medicine and Allergology, Karolinska University  Hospital, Stockholm, Sweden. (17)Southampton Biomedical Research Centre, University Hospital Southampton NHS  Foundation Trust and Clinical and Experimental Sciences and Human Development  and Health, University of Southampton, Southampton, UK. (18)Division of Infection, Immunity and Respiratory Medicine, School of  Biological Sciences, Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, University of  Manchester, Manchester, UK. (19)Manchester Academic Health Science Centre and National Institute for Health  and Care Research Biomedical Research Centre, Manchester University Hospitals  NHS Foundation Trust, Manchester, UK. (20)University Children's Hospital Basel UKBB, University of Basel, Basel,  Switzerland. (21)Center for Human Molecular Genetics and Pharmacogenomics, Faculty of  Medicine, University of Maribor, Maribor, Slovenia. (22)Department of Pediatric Pneumology and Allergy, University Children's  Hospital Regensburg (KUNO) at the Hospital St.Hedwig of the Order of St.
Bone Joint Res. 2025 Aug 18;14(8):696-712. doi:  10.1302/2046-3758.148.BJR-2024-0267.R4.
DOI: 10.1302/2046-3758.148.BJR-2024-0267.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors have nothing to report. The authors  have stated explicitly that there are no conflicts of interest in connection  with this article. APa received grant support from the Ministry of Health  (MINSAL) and the Ministry of Education, Research and University (MIUR), from  CARIPLO Foundation; personal compensation as a consultant/scientific advisory  board member for Biogen, Lundbeck, Roche, Nutricia, General Healthcare (GE). APi  received consultancy/speaker fees from Abbvie, Angelini, Bial, Lundbeck, Roche,  and Zambon pharmaceuticals. H.Z. has served on scientific advisory boards and/or  as a consultant for Abbvie, Acumen, Alector, Alzinova, ALZpath, Amylyx, Annexon,  Apellis, Artery Therapeutics, AZTherapies, Cognito Therapeutics, CogRx, Denali,  Eisai, LabCorp, Merry Life, Nervgen, Novo Nordisk, Optoceutics, Passage Bio,  Pinteon Therapeutics, Prothena, Quanterix, Red Abbey Labs, reMYND, Roche,  Samumed, Siemens Healthineers, Triplet Therapeutics, and Wave, has given  lectures sponsored by Alzecure, BioArctic, Biogen, Cellectricon, Fujirebio,  Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Roche, and WebMD, and is a co‐founder of Brain Biomarker  Solutions in Gothenburg AB (BBS), which is a part of the GU Ventures Incubator  Program (outside submitted work).
Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Professor P K Surendran Memorial  Education Foundation.
Conflict of interest statement: R.A.L.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL, U.K. (2)School of Biochemistry, Biomedical Sciences Building, University Walk,  Bristol BS8 1TD, U.K. (3)Faculty of Engineering, Ain Shams University, Elsarayat Street 1, Abbaseya,  Cairo 11517, Egypt.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, University of Cyprus, P.O. Box 20537, 1678 Nicosia,  Cyprus.
Conflict of interest statement: Lecture Fees: AbbVie GK, Gilead Sciences, Inc.  (Satoru Kakizaki), AbbVie GK, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co.,  Ltd., ASKA Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd., OTSUKA Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd,  Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, GlaxoSmithKline PLC., AstraZeneca, Eisai, HU  frontier (Yasuhito Tanaka). Consigned/Joint Research Expenses: Fujirebio, Inc.,  Sysmex Corporation (Takako Inoue and Yasuhito Tanaka), AbbVie GK.,  GlaxoSmithKline PLC., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K.  (Yasuhito Tanaka).
Emerging evidence indicates that the circulating biomarker angiopoietin-2  (ANGPT2), bone morphogenetic protein2 10 (BMP10), fibroblast growth factor 23  (FGF23), and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein7 (IGFBP7) reflect  distinct pathophysiological vascular and cardiac processes contributing to  adverse cardiac remodeling in the context of volume or pressure overload. This  study aims to investigate the association between these circulating biomarkers,  and the presence of hemodynamically significant pressure or volume overload and  adverse clinical outcomes. METHODS: In an observational cohort of outpatient cardiology patients (N = 1506)  the relationship between the four emerging biomarkers and pressure/volume  overload using multivariable-adjusted regression models was examined. RESULTS: Elevated levels of the four biomarkers were positively associated with  the presence of significant volume overload compared to none/mild valve disease.  (ANGPT2: Odds ratio (OR) 1.26 (95 % confidence interval (CI): 1.17-1.35),  p < 0.001; BMP10: OR = 2.57 (95 %-CI: 1.89-3.48), p < 0.001; FGF23: OR = 1.51  (95 %-CI: 1.14-1.20), p = 0.004; IGFBP7: OR = 1.39 (95 %-CI: 1.14-1.69),  p = 0.001, NT-proBNP: OR = 1.69 (95 %-CI: 1.47-1.95), p < 0.001).FGF23 and  NT-proBNP demonstrated statistically significant associations with pressure  overload compared to none/mild burden.Higher concentrations of all biomarkers  were predictive of all-cause mortality in patients with volume overload.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing  interests: DC received a research grant from Wolfgang Seefried Project funding  of the German Heart Foundation e.V. DE has no conflict of interest.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthodontics, Peking University School and Hospital of  Stomatology & National Center for Stomatology & National Clinical Research  Center for Oral Diseases & National Engineering Research Center of Oral  Biomaterials and Digital Medical Devices & Beijing Key Laboratory of Digital  Stomatology & NHC Key Laboratory of Digital Stomatology & NMPA Key Laboratory  for Dental Materials, No. 22, Zhongguancun South Avenue, Haidian District,  Beijing 100081, P.R. China.
The BUilding Infrastructure Leading to Diversity (BUILD) undergraduate research  training program is funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to  strengthen the pipeline for underrepresented students through graduate school  and into health-related research careers in the biomedical and behavioral  sciences. This study evaluates the impact of BUILD participation at a  Minority-Serving Institution in Southern California on graduate school outcomes  up to 6 years post-graduation including doctoral program enrollment and degree  attainment using a quasi-experimental design. BUILD students were compared to a  propensity score matched non-BUILD group using logistic regression. Results  showed BUILD students enrolled in Ph.D. programs and attained Ph.Ds.
Conflict of interest statement: This study was financially supported by  10.13039/100004337Roche. Y.N.: Employee and stock owner of F.
OBJECTIVE: To provide organ and effective radiation doses for common pediatric  imaging examinations, which may help clinicians understand site-specific cancer  risk, compare exposure across imaging modalities, and make informed care  decisions. STUDY DESIGN: Within a large multicenter retrospective cohort, imaging  utilization and associated radiation doses were estimated for children enrolled  from birth into one of six US health care systems. Doses are described for  examinations performed from 2012 to 2017. For computed tomography (CT), doses  were estimated using examination-level technical parameters, patient height and  weight, and Monte Carlo simulations. For fluoroscopy, angiography, nuclear  medicine, and radiography, dose maps were developed by patient age, sex, size,  and year through Monte Carlo simulations using technical parameters collected  from patient examinations. The mean dose and standard deviation (SD) were  calculated for each examination type, and each modality's contribution to the  cohort's cumulative effective dose was calculated. RESULTS: Eight hundred thirty-five thousand six hundred forty-three imaging  examinations in 278 909 patients are included. Radiographs were the most  commonly performed exam but made up 6% of radiation dose exposure. CT exams made  up 4% of imaging exams but accounted for 80% of exposure. Head CT was the most  common CT exam (44% of all CT). For head CT, the average radiation dose to the  bone marrow (associated with hematologic cancer risk) was 9.8 mGy (SD = 6.7) and  to the brain (associated with brain cancer risk) was 39 mGy (SD = 14.8). CONCLUSIONS: CT radiation doses to the bone marrow and brain fell within ranges  associated with increased hematologic and brain cancer risk, and are highest in  the youngest children.Keywords: Organ dose; effective dose; pediatric imaging;  pediatric radiology; computed tomography; fluoroscopy; angiography; nuclear  medicine; radiography; x-ray.
Conflict of interest statement: This study was supported by the National Cancer  Institute at the National Institutes of Health (R01CA185687 and R50CA211115).  The analyses, conclusions, opinions, and statements expressed herein are solely  those of the authors and do not reflect those of the National Institutes of  Health. R.S.-B.
Patient Prefer Adherence. 2025 Aug 11;19:2429-2444. doi: 10.2147/PPA.S516285.
Author information: (1)School of Chemical Engineering, Yeungnam University, 280 Daehak-Ro,  Gyeongsan, Gyeongbuk 38541, Republic of Korea. (2)Centre for Nano and Material Sciences, Jain (Deemed-to-be University), Jain  Global Campus, Kanakapura road, Bangalore 562112, Karnataka, India. (3)Department of ECE, Muthayammal Engineering College (Autonomous), Namakkal  637408, Tamilnadu, India. (4)Sophisticated Testing and Instrumentation Centre (STIC), Department of  Mechanical Engineering, Alliance School of Applied Engineering, Alliance  University, Bengaluru 562106, Karnataka, India. (5)Faculty of Science and Humanities, Department of Physics, Noorul Islam Centre  for Higher Education, Kumaracoil 629180, Tamil Nadu, India. (6)Department of Chemical Engineering, School of Mechanical, Chemical and  Material Engineering, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, P.O. Box  1888, Adama, Ethiopia.
Conflict of interest statement: Dr. Potluri: Advisory board member, proctor, and  speaker for Medtronic, Boston Scientific, Abbott, and Cordis; proctor and  speaker for Edwards Lifesciences, Terumo, and AstraZeneca. Dr. Szerlip: Proctor,  speaker, and consultant for Edwards Lifesciences; advisory board member,  consultant, and proctor for Abbott Vascular; steering committee member for  Medtronic; speaker for Boston Scientific. Dr. Al-Azizi: Proctor and consultant  for Edwards Lifesciences; consultant and advisory board member for Medtronic;  consultant for Boston Scientific; speaker bureau member. Dr. Harrington:  Consultant for Abbott Laboratories and Maquet Cardiovascular; speaker for  Artivion, Inc. and Medtronic, Inc.; speaker and advisory board member for Boston  Scientific Corporation; speaker and proctor for Edwards Lifesciences  Corporation. Dr. Brinkman: Teaching and travel support from Artivion; consultant  for Bolton Medical, Inc., Maquet Cardiovascular, Medtronic, Terumo Medical  Corporation, and W.L. Gore; advisory board member for Medtronic.
Author information: (1)Discipline of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, University of Adelaide,  Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. (2)Asrat Woldeyes Health Science Campus, Debre Berhan University, Debre Berhan,  Ethiopia. (3)Institute of Psychiatric Phenomics and Genomics, University Hospital, Ludwig  Maximilian University of Munich, Munich, Germany. (4)Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, University Hospital,  Ludwig-Maximilian-University Munich, Munich, Germany. (5)Institute of Human Genetics, University of Bonn, School of Medicine &  University Hospital Bonn, Bonn, Germany. (6)Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Psychosomatics and  Psychotherapy, University of Duisburg-Essen, Rheinische Kliniken, Essen,  Germany. (7)Neuroscience Research Australia, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. (8)School of Biomedical Sciences, University of New South Wales, Sydney, New  South Wales, Australia. (9)Intramural Research Program, National Institute of Mental Health, National  Institutes of Health, United States Department of Health and Human Services,  Bethesda, Maryland. (10)Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, San Diego,  California. (11)Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité Universitätsmedizin  Berlin, Campus Charité Mitte, Berlin, Germany. (12)Department of Biological Psychiatry and Neuroscience, Dokkyo Medical  University School of Medicine, Tochigi, Japan. (13)Unit of Clinical Pharmacology, Hospital University Agency of Cagliari,  Cagliari, Italy. (14)Unitat de Zoologia i Antropologia Biològica (Dpt. Biologia Evolutiva,  Ecologia i Ciències Ambientals), Facultat de Biologia and Institut de  Biomedicina, University of Barcelona, CIBERSAM, Barcelona, Spain. (15)Department of Psychiatry, Mood Disorders Unit, HUG - Geneva University  Hospitals, Geneva, Switzerland. (16)Department of Molecular Medicine and Surgery, Karolinska Institute,  Stockholm, Sweden. (17)Center for Molecular Medicine, Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm,  Sweden. (18)Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) UMR-S  1144, Université Paris Cité, Département de Psychiatrie et de Médecine  Addictologique, L'Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Paris, Groupe Hospitalier  Saint-Louis-Lariboisière-F.Widal, Paris, France.
Conflict of interest statement: S.S. was supported by an Australian Government's  University Postgraduate Award from the University of New South Wales.
The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi  Communications Co.
The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi  Communications Co.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of  Buea, P.O. Box 63, Buea, South West Region, Cameroon.
Plain Language Summary: The crossover comparative design with parallel  investigation of two distinct ethnic groups allows for each participant to serve  as their own control, reducing inter-individual variability.Cooling Arctic Inuit  in parallel with ethnic Danes enables exploration of the influence of genetic  and environmental cold, unravelling pathways for BAT activation.Genetic  admixture cannot be accounted for during recruitment, and the study setting in  Denmark may limit the ability to extend the findings to Inuit living in  Greenland.Direct measurements of BAT with FDG-PET/CT scans allow for accurate  quantification of BAT volume and metabolic activity with parallel indirect  measurements in an extensive search of BAT-associated biomarkers that influence  cardiometabolic health.
Plain Language Summary: In this report from two large prospective observational  registries in East Asia and Europe, we defined ethnicity by enrolment country  and compared clinical presentation and prognosis between East Asians and  Europeans with atrial fibrillation (AF) who have experienced major bleeding  (MB). Our main findings are as follows:Compared to Europeans, East Asians with  AF were more prone to experience MB, and tended to be treated with rhythm  control opposed to rate control strategy following MB.Impact of prior MB on  subsequent risk of MACE and thromboembolism events appeared greater in East  Asians compared to Europeans.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: G.Y.H.L. is a consultant  and speaker for Bristol Myers Squibb/Pﬁzer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Anthos, and  Daiichi Sankyo; has received no fees personally.
Author information: (1)Key Laboratory of Systems Biomedicine, Shanghai Center for Systems  Biomedicine, Department of Cardiovascular Surgery, Shanghai Chest Hospital,  Engineering Research Center of Techniques and Instruments for Diagnosis and  Treatment of Congenital Heart Disease, Institute of Developmental and  Regenerative Medicine, Xin Hua Hospital, School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong  University, Shanghai, China (J.X., S.Z., Z.G., J.L., K.C., H.H., Y.W., Y.S.,  P.Y., Yige Li, S.W., X.C., A.F.C.
Author information: (1)Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Policlinico Rodolico-San Marco, University  of Catania, Italy (D.G., E.C., M.B., C.T., D.C.).
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology, Chaudhary Bansilal University, Bhiwani - 127021,  India. (2)Department of Zoology, Government P.G College Sector-1, Panchkula - 134113,  India.
Conflict of interest statement: R.M. was self-supported and received funds for  participant recruitment in the form of a scholarship from the Claire Loe  Memorial Doctoral Student Research Award from the McWilliams School of  Biomedical Informatics, UTHealth Houston.
The apolipoprotein E (APOE) gene is the most robust genetic risk factor for  Alzheimer's disease (AD), with the ε4 allele conferring elevated risk and ε2  providing protection. While research has largely focused on common variants,  recent findings by Miyashita et al. highlight the role of rare missense variants  (RMVs) such as APOE ε7, composed of p.E262 K and p.E263 K within the C-terminal  lipid-binding domain.
Study DesignRetrospective Cohort Study.ObjectivesSelecting the last  substantially touched vertebra (LSTV) or the lastly touched vertebra (LTV) as  the lowest instrumented vertebra (LIV) has been shown to prevent distal  adding-on (DA) in Lenke 1A and 2A curves or Lenke 1B and 1C curves,  respectively.
Author information: (1)Infectious Disease Epidemiology Group, Weill Cornell Medicine-Qatar, Qatar  Foundation - Education City, Cornell University, P.O. Box 24144, Doha, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.V.T.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiotherapy, Medical University of Lodz, Łódź, Poland;  Department of External Beam Radiotherapy, Copernicus Memorial Hospital in Lodz  Comprehensive Cancer Center and Traumatology, Łódź, Poland. Electronic address:  lukasz.kuncman@umed.lodz.pl. (2)Radiation Oncology Department. Hospital Universitario Ramón y Caja and  Biomarkers and Therapeutic Targets Group, Ramón y Cajal Health Research  Institute (IRYCIS), Madrid, Spain. Electronic address:  carolinadela.pinta@salud.madrid.org. (3)Department of Radiotherapy, Erasmus MC Cancer Institute, University Medical  Center, Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Electronic address: m.milder@erasmusmc.nl. (4)Department of Radiotherapy, Erasmus MC Cancer Institute, University Medical  Center, Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Electronic address:  a.mendezromero@erasmusmc.nl. (5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital Zurich, University of  Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address: matthias.guckenberger@usz.ch. (6)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Milan, Italy;  Department of Radiotherapy and Radiosurgery, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital,  Milan, Italy. Electronic address: ciro.franzese@hunimed.eu. (7)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Milan, Italy;  Department of Radiotherapy and Radiosurgery, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital,  Milan, Italy. Electronic address: marta.scorsetti@hunimed.eu. (8)Information and Library Center, Medical University of Lodz, Lodz, Poland.  Electronic address: bogumila.bruc@umed.lodz.pl. (9)Department of Radiation Oncology, Iridium Network, Wilrijk (Antwerp),  Belgium; Integrated Personalised and Precision Oncology Network, University  Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium. Electronic address: Dirk.Verellen@zas.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier España S.L.U.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a fatal neurodegenerative disease  characterized by progressive motor neuron degeneration and pathological  aggregation of TDP-43. While protein misfolding and impaired autophagy are  established features, accumulating evidence highlights the nuclear pore complex  (NPC)as a vulnerable, redox-sensitive hub in ALS pathogenesis. Here, we show  that selective loss of NPC components, particularly the scaffold proteins NUP107  and NUP93, and FG-repeat-containing components-is a consistent finding across  ALS postmortem spinal cord, SOD1^G93A and TDP-43 mutant mouse models, and human  cell systems.CRISPR-mediated depletion of NUP107 in human cells triggers  hallmark features of ALS pathology, including cytoplasmic TDP-43  mislocalization, increased phosphorylation, and autophagy dysfunction.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Belgian Health Care Knowledge Centre (KCE), Doorbuilding (10th Floor),  Kruidtuinlaan 55, 1000 Brussel, Belgium. Electronic address:  Mattias.Neyt@kce.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Dr. Marino and Dr. Potter serve as  consultants to Biomedical Development Corporation. No other conflicts were  reported. This project is supported by Texas Targeted Opioid Response, a public  health initiative operated by the Texas Health and Human Services Commission  through federal funding from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration grant award number [HHS001046900001, HHS000562000001,  HHS000878900001]. Additional support was provided by the National Center for  Advancing Translational Sciences, National Institutes of Health, through Grant  K12 TR004529. The views expressed do not necessarily reflect the official  policies of the Department of Health and Human Services, Texas Health and Human  Services, or National Institutes of Health; nor does mention of trade names,  commercial practices, or organizations imply endorsement by the U.S. or Texas  Government.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, South Dakota School of  Mines and Technology, Rapid City, SD 57701, USA; Data Driven Material Discovery  Center for Bioengineering Innovation, South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology, Rapid City, SD 57701, USA. Electronic address:  Priya.saxena@mines.sdsmt.edu. (2)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, South Dakota School of  Mines and Technology, Rapid City, SD 57701, USA. (3)Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of South Dakota, Sioux  Falls, SD, United States. (4)Faculty of Science, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, Skudai 81310, Johor,  Malaysia. (5)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, South Dakota School of  Mines and Technology, Rapid City, SD 57701, USA; Data Driven Material Discovery  Center for Bioengineering Innovation, South Dakota School of Mines and  Technology, Rapid City, SD 57701, USA; Two Dimensional Materials for Biofilm  Engineering, Science and Technology, South Dakota Mines, Rapid City, SD, USA.  Electronic address: Rajesh.Sani@sdsmt.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Neural Regen Res. 2025 Apr 29. doi: 10.4103/NRR.NRR-D-24-01604.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics declarations: The research  protocol was in accordance with the guidelines of the Declaration of Helsinki.  The Ethics Committee in Research of Sirjan School of Medical Sciences approved  the study protocol (Ethical code: IR.SIRUMS.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.S. and S.V. are  shareholders and advisors of Clouds of Care (Ghent, BE).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Several authors are  affiliated with Enable Medicine as employees (M.B., Z.W., A.E.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: M.S. is a cofounder and scientific advisor of  Personalis, SensOmics, Qbio, January AI, Fodsel, Filtricine, Protos, RTHM,  Iollo, Marble Therapeutics, Crosshair Therapeutics, NextThought, and Mirvie.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The authors confirm that the research presented in this article met  the ethical guidelines of Iran, including adherence to the legal requirements,  and received approval from the Institutional Review Board of Urmia University of  Medical Sciences (IR.UMSU.REC.
Author information: (1)Department of Nephrology, Seth G.S.M.C. and K.E.M.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest Alexander  B.C. Krueger received research funding from the Endourological Society.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Animal Biology and Physiology, Laboratory of Animal Physiology,  Faculty of Science, University of Yaoundé 1, P.O. Box 812, Yaoundé, Cameroon.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Medical University of Bialystok. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A patent application  related to this work (PCT/CN2024/136921) has been filed by the National  Institute of Biological Sciences, Beijing, listing T.C., D.C., and Y.D. as  inventors.
The FANCM gene is involved in the Fanconi Anemia (FA) DNA repair pathway.  Although germline biallelic pathogenic variants in genes of this pathway cause  the recessive FA syndrome, the role of FANCM in FA or FA-like has been  questioned. Biallelic FANCM protein truncating variants (PTVs) have been  primarily linked to infertility and cancer, suggesting the gene causes a  clinically distinct phenotype. Four literature databases were systematically  searched from inception to June 2024 to identify published articles describing  individuals carrying biallelic PTVs in FANCM. Twenty articles describing 40  carriers of biallelic FANCM PTVs were identified. We established  genotype-phenotype correlations and found that women carrying biallelic  combinations of the C-terminal p.Gln1701* and p.Gly1906Alafs*12 PTVs showed  infertility, chromosome fragility, breast cancer, and chemotoxicity.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychology, Università Cattolica Del Sacro Cuore, Milan, Italy;  I.R.C.C.S.
The Combined Positive Score (CPS) currently represents the sole biomarker  employed in clinical practice to predict the efficacy of immune checkpoint  inhibitors (ICIs) and to guide optimal personalized treatment sequencing in head  and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). However, CPS alone is insufficient for  accurate patient stratification and prediction of ICI response, necessitating  integration with additional immune-related biomarkers. The spatial distribution  of programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) expressing cells may offer a promising  approach to more comprehensively characterize both the tumor microenvironment  (TME) and malignant cells, elucidate their interactions, and enhance the  predictive value regarding response to ICI therapy.This perspective aims to  investigate the potential role of spatial assessment of PD-L1 expression in  improving patient stratification and therapeutic outcomes in HNSCC.
Author information: (1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Taichung Veterans General Hospital,  Taichung, 402, Taiwan; Department of Nursing, College of Nursing, HungKuang  University, Taichung, Taiwan. (2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Taichung Veterans General Hospital,  Taichung, 402, Taiwan; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Ph.D. Program in  Translational Medicine, and Rong-Hsing Research Center for Translational  Medicine, National Chung-Hsing University, Taichung, Taiwan.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: At present, the microwave ablation needle used in clinic needs to  add water circulation in the needle rod to reduce the rod temperature. However,  the water circulation will take away a lot of heat during the ablation process,  which requires increasing the ablation dose to achieve the expected thermal  coagulation target volume. This undoubtedly increases the risk of carbonization. METHODS: A design scheme of non-water-cooled microwave ablation needle based on  double-layer vacuum structure was proposed. Two types of non-water-cooled  microwave ablation needles with long and short needles were designed, and the  ablation simulation was carried out by establishing the finite element  simulation model. RESULTS: Simulation and experimental results indicate that, at 20 W power, the  long-needle vacuum tube ablation needle can create a carbonization-free  solidification zone with a length of 34 mm after 180 s of ablation, whereas the  short-needle vacuum tube ablation needle requires 300 s to form a similar zone  with a length of 30 mm. Additionally, the axial ratio of the solidification zone  created by the long-needle vacuum tube ablation needle exceeds that of the  short-needle one. Consequently, the long-needle vacuum tube ablation needle is  more apt for creating a larger solidification zone with minimal carbonization,  while also achieving a more spherical shape.By comparing the ablation effects of  long needle vacuum tube ablation needle and ky-2450b1 under low power,It is  verified that the vacuum tube non-water-cooled ablation needle can ensure the  effective ablation volume and non carbonization ablation under low-power and  short-time ablation, which provides an important technical scheme for clinical  optimization of the therapeutic effect of microwave ablation.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: None  declared. P.E. is an Associate Editor for the British Journal of Sports  Medicine, the BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine and the Scandinavian Journal of  Medicine & Science in Sports.
Neural Regen Res. 2025 Aug 13. doi: 10.4103/NRR.NRR-D-24-01516.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.G. (in the past 2 years)  — consulting with AbbVie, AstraZeneca, Astellas Pharma, Bicycle Therapeutics,  Bristol-Myers Squibb, Daiichi Sankyo, Fresenius Kabi, Gilead, Janssen, Merck  KGaA, MSD, Pfizer, Roche, Strata Oncology, Replimune, Foundation Medicine, Eli  Lilly, Urogen; research funding to the institution: Acrivon Therapeutics, ALX  Oncology, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck KGaA, MSD, Genentech, Gilead.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA. (2)Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA. (3)Department of Neurological Surgery, University of Massachusetts Medical  School, Worcester, MA, USA. (4)Horae Gene Therapy Center, University of Massachusetts Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (5)Department of Radiology, University of Massachusetts Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (6)Department of Medicine, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis,  MO, USA. (7)Image Processing and Analysis Core (iPAC), Department of Radiology,  University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA. (8)Glycosphingolipid and Glycoprotein Disorders Unit, Medical Genetics Branch,  National Human Genome Research Institute, National Institutes of Health,  Bethesda, MD, USA. (9)Office of the Director, National Human Genome Research Institute, National  Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (10)Department of Pediatrics, University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (11)Department of Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine, University of  Massachusetts Chan Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA. (12)Jnana Therapeutics, Boston, MA, USA. (13)TKD Solutions, Spokane, WA, USA. (14)EDB Consulting, Haverford, PA, USA. (15)University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School - Baystate, Baystate  Children's Hospital, Springfield, MA, USA. (16)Department of Neurology, University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (17)Athinoula A. Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging, Massachusetts General  Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Charlestown, MA, USA. (18)Department of Physical Therapy, School of Health and Rehabilitation  Sciences, MGH Institute of Health Professions, Boston, MA, USA. (19)Center for Rare Neurological Diseases, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA. (20)NeuroNexus Institute, University of Massachusetts Chan Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. (21)Horae Gene Therapy Center, University of Massachusetts Medical School,  Worcester, MA, USA. Heather.GrayEdwards@umassmed.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.S.-E.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Authors declare no  competing interests. A patent has been filed for this work, Methods and  Applications of Genomic Genetic Markers for the Identification and Tracking of  Human Samples (202310347891.7) of W. Guo & Ray P.S. Han, Zhejiang  University-University and Jiangxi University of Chinese Medicine.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.P.K has acted as a paid  consultant or lecturer to Abbvie, Aerie, Allergan, Google Health, Heidelberg  Engineering, Novartis, Reichert, Santen, Thea and Topcon.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval: This prospective  study received approval from the Institutional Review Board of the Medical  University of South Carolina (Pro00128013). Consent to participate: Written  informed consent was obtained from all participants. Consent for publication:  Not applicable. Competing interests: R.R.E.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  submission of a provisional patent application encompassing the work described.  A.C., A.R.K.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  20122 Milan, Italy; Maxillofacial Surgery and Dental Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Ca´  Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico, 20122 Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  20122 Milan, Italy; Maxillofacial Surgery and Dental Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Ca´  Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico, 20122 Milan, Italy; Section of Dentistry,  Department of Clinical, Surgical, Diagnostic and Pediatric Sciences, University  of Pavia, 27100 Pavia, Italy. matteo.pellegrini@unimi.it. (3)Dentistry Unit, Management Innovations, Diagnostics and Clinical Pathways,  Bambino Gesù Children´s Hospital, IRCCS, 00165 Rome, Italy; U.N.-E.U.  International Research Project on Human Health, Oral Health Section, 1200  Geneve, Switzerland.
Introduction This study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of remimazolam  for dental intravenous conscious sedation. It focused on evaluating sedation  success rate, management of pre-operative anxiety, sedation depth, psychomotor  recovery and variations in vital parameters.Materials and methods This  single-centre, prospective cohort study involved 101 patients undergoing dental  procedures.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Consent for publication:  Participants or their authorized representatives provided written informed  consent. Competing interests: PM serves as the Editor-in-Chief of The Journal of  Headache and Pain and SN Comprehensive Clinical Medicine. M.W-P is a member of  the Editorial Board of The Journal of Headache and Pain.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was approved by the Ethics Committee of Ahvaz  Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences, Ahvaz, Iran (No:  IR.AJUMS.MEDICINE.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.R. is a scientific  consultant for LifeMine Therapeutics, Inc.
Author information: (1)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. (2)Biochemistry Department, College of Science, King Saud University, Riyadh,  Saudi Arabia. (3)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. mabdmaksoud@ksu.edu.sa. (4)Chair of Biomedical Applications of Nanomaterials, Biochemistry  Department-College of Science-King Saud University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh,  11451, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurological Diseases, Privolzhsky Research Medical University,  Nizhny Novgorod, Russia (A.O.T.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Patients with pregnancy and mechanical or  bio-prosthetic heart valves (BHVs) need tailored antithrombotic therapy to  prevent thromboembolism. The goal of this study was to evaluate the effects and  complications of various anticoagulation strategies used during pregnancy in  these patients using a meta-analysis. METHOD: We searched PubMed, Google Scholar, Scopus, EMBASE, and Web of Science  databases and discovered 24 articles. We also discarded some articles when  evaluating them in detail due to inadequate information. Finally, 24 studies  were included in the systematic review. We compared pregnancy outcomes in three  groups of pregnant women: 1) Those taking warfarin; 2) Those taking LMWH (Low  Molecular Weight Heparin) or UFH (Unfractionated Heparin); 3) Those on no  anticoagulant therapy. The authors would like to thank the Clinical Research  Development Unit (CRDU) of Loghman Hakim Hospital, Shahid Beheshti University of  Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran for their support, cooperation and assistance  throughout the period of study. The ethic code is: IR.SBMU.RETECH.REC.
TOPIC: To estimate the prevalence of diabetic retinopathy (DR) in adult American  Indians / Alaska Natives (AI/AN) and non-AI/AN patients with diabetes. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Although diabetes mellitus is more prevalent among AI/AN  patients compared to non-AI/AN patients, the evidence is inconsistent regarding  whether AI/AN patients have a higher prevalence or severity of diabetic  retinopathy. METHODS: We searched Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science Databases from  inception until February 23 2025. We included primary studies evaluating the  prevalence of DR in Americans with diabetes.The prevalence of a) DR, b) diabetic  macular edema (DME), c) proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR), d)  vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy (VTDR, including DME, PDR, or severe  non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy), e) PDR complications were estimated.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.J.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests The MGH Translational  Research Center has a clinical research support agreement (CRSA) with Axoft,  Neuralink, Neurobionics, Paradromics, Precision Neuro, Synchron, and Reach  Neuro, for which L.R.H.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: One or more of the authors has declared the  following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: Funding was  received from the Scientific Research Projects Coordination Unit of Istanbul  University (No. 40364). In this study, an animal experiment of a suture material  developed with an innovative approach was conducted. This experiment is the  first step in the process of patenting the developed suture material. Further  research is needed in larger animal models and clinical trials, focusing on  standardization of histology, radiology, and biomechanics. One or more of the  authors (M.O., T.K., B.K., O.G., and G.P.) are planning to apply for such a  patent after further research.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: Cancer Clinical Research  Trust. Competing Interest: MJD and MT, no conflicts of interest. JC: Research  funding (to institution): Eisai, Puma Biotechnology, Roche, Boehringer  Ingelheim; Employment: OncoMark, Ltd.; Honoraria: Eisai, Puma Biotechnology; MSD  Oncology, Pfizer, G1 Therapeutics; Novartis; Speaker’s Bureau: Boehringer  Ingelheim, Genomic Health, Roche, Pfizer; Shares: OncoMark Ltd; Travel and  accommodation expenses: Pfizer, MSD, Abbvie, Astrazeneca, Novartis. Ethical  Approval: Not applicable. Informed Consent Statement: Not applicable. Data  availability: Not applicable. Authorship Contributions: M.J.D.
Colonization of titanium dental implants by the oral pathogen Porphyromonas  gingivalis can lead to peri-implant diseases and, ultimately, implant failure.  P. gingivalis growth can be stimulated by 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid (DHNA),  a menaquinone precursor from various oral bacteria; however, its impact on  biofilm formation remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate P.  gingivalis growth and metabolic activity over 6 days in response to DHNA on two  titanium grade IV surfaces with different roughness using a hybrid in vitro-in  silico approach. P. gingivalis growth was modestly stimulated by DHNA and  exhibited an inverse correlation with ammonia concentration in culture medium.  Notably, this growth pattern transitioned from an initial linear phase to a  later exponential phase, with DHNA-treated biofilms reaching this exponential  shift at an earlier stage than untreated controls. Confocal microscopy revealed  that DHNA-treated biofilms exhibited surface-dependent growth patterns, with  larger biofilm volumes observed on rougher surfaces in later biofilm stages,  compared with smoother surfaces. Regardless of surface characteristics, the area  occupied by biofilms and the size of the aggregates exhibited a consistent and  progressive increase over time and were larger in late DHNA-treated biofilms.  The experimental data were used to calibrate a coupled finite element method  (FEM)-based model that simulated P. gingivalis biofilm dynamics and nutrient  utilization. Summarizing, DHNA moderately stimulated P. gingivalis growth,  accelerated its transition to ammonia-independent growth, and promoted an  increase in biofilm area and aggregate size. Our coupled approach offers  significant potential for advancing in vitro biofilm research.IMPORTANCEThe  results of our hybrid in vitro-in silico experiments advance the research on P.
Cancer Res Commun. 2025 Sep 1;5(9):1501-1515. doi:  10.1158/2767-9764.CRC-25-0355.
Author information: (1)Steve and Cindy Rasmussen Institute for Genomic Medicine, Abigail Wexner  Research Institute, Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA. (2)School of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, University of Southampton,  Southampton, UK. (3)GIG Statistical Consulting, LLC, Columbus, OH, USA. (4)Miltenyi Biotec B.V. & Co.
Euro Surveill. 2025 Aug;30(32):2500545. doi:  10.2807/1560-7917.ES.
DOI: 10.2807/1560-7917.ES.
Author information: (1)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale  School of Medicine, New Haven, CT. (R.K., A.F.P.
OBJECTIVE: Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) disease is a heterogeneous group of genetic  neuropathies, with >90 genes identified. Several aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases have  been linked to CMT. DARS2, encoding the mitochondrial aspartyl-tRNA synthetase,  has been typically associated with leukoencephalopathy with brainstem and spinal  cord involvement and lactate elevation. This study aimed to investigate the  association between biallelic DARS2 variants and axonal CMT. METHODS: We investigated 5 individuals from 3 unrelated families with axonal CMT  and biallelic DARS2 variants. Functional studies in fibroblasts assessed their  effects on DARS2 expression, localization, and mitochondrial function. Enzymatic  activity was evaluated in HEK293 cells. RESULTS: The 5 individuals, including 4 adults, presented with childhood-onset  progressive axonal CMT. None had leukoencephalopathy, but one showed central  nervous system involvement, with intellectual disability and epilepsy. Genetic  analysis identified compound heterozygous DARS2 variants: family A, p.Ser238Phe  and p.Arg336Cys; family B, p.Ser238Phe and p.Ile25Thrfs*38; family C, c.
Conflict of interest statement: The author(s) declared the following potential  conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or  publication of this article: D.C.K.
Loose anagen hair syndrome is a form of childhood-onset non-scarring alopecia  marked by easily and painlessly plucking terminal hair during its active growth,  or anagen, phase. It is believed to result from poor hair shaft anchoring within  the follicle due to premature keratinization. Our study identified a plausibly  pathogenic variant in KRT32 (c.296C>T; p.Thr99Ile) that co-segregates with the  phenotype in a large family.
Author information: (1)Dept. of Biological Sciences, Eck Institute for Global Health, University of  Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN, USA. (2)Center for Tropical and Emerging Global Diseases, University of Georgia,  Athens, GA, USA. (3)ECD Division, Indian Council of Medical Research, New Delhi, India. (4)Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health,  The First Affiliated Hospital of Xinxiang Medical University, Xinxiang City,  Henan Province, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Department of Nutrition Sciences, College of Health Sciences, QU Health,  Qatar University, P.O. Box 2713, Doha, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: ECL has stock  ownership in Neurolutions, Inner Cosmos, Aurenar, and Sora Neuroscience.  Washington University also owns stock in Neurolutions. This work and E.C.  Leuthardt have had their conflict of interest rigorously evaluated and managed  throughout this study and with creation of this manuscript.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.K.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: C.J.L, I.D.V,  and J.C.B.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Science, Malmö University, Malmö, SE-20506, Sweden. (2)Biofilms research center for Biointerfaces, Malmö University, Malmö, Sweden. (3)Department of Biomedical Science, Malmö University, Malmö, SE-20506, Sweden.  Vitaly.Kocherbitov@mau.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.J.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.R.G.
Endometriosis is a chronic gynecologic disease that needs newer and safer  treatments. The proposed work aims to develop a nanosystem based on gold  nanoparticles (AuNPs) to actively target human endometriosis CD44(+) cells and  significantly reduce their viability by photothermal therapy (PTT). AuNPs  stabilized by lipoic acid-Poly(ethylene glycol)-Maleimide (LA-PEG-Mal) (Au@P)  were decorated with antiCD44 antibodies (Au@P_AbCD44) through maleimide  chemistry. The physicochemical and biochemical approaches revealed the presence  of the antibody on Au@P_AbCD44. The in vitro studies were conducted against  overexpressing CD44 cells (12Z), low-expressing CD44 cells (HESC), and the  normal fibroblast cell line (NIH-3T3). Following the internalization through the  clathrin-mediated endocytosis, the PTT of the cell-internalized Au@P_AbCD44 was  investigated using two distinct laser types, due to the differing Au@P's LSPR  properties. Au@P_AbCD44 exhibited significant PTT efficacy against 12Z cells;  however, GNS@P_AbCD44 required lower energy input compared to GNP@P_AbCD44. This  enhanced performance is attributed to the LSPR-mediated photothermal conversion  efficiency of GNS over GNPs.In both cases, the apoptotic pathway was selected by  dying cells over necrotic cells.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 14. doi: 10.3174/ajnr.A8864.
Author information: (1)From the Department of Radiology (W.Z., J.X., N.R., M.W.), Henan Provincial  People's Hospital & Zhengzhou University People's Hospital, Zhengzhou, China.
Conflict of interest statement: M.A.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest: T.M. reports  support for this study from Adaptimmune; consultancy for AstraZeneca, Geneos,  GreyWolf, Guerbet, Ipsen, Roche, and Signant Health; and grants/contracts from  Bayer, Boston Scientific, and MSD.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI, 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239 USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen  Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ 85724-5050, USA.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Dermatology, Allergy, and Venerology, University of Lübeck,  Lübeck, Germany. (2)Department of Dermatology, Allergy, and Venerology, University of Lübeck,  Lübeck, Germany; Lübeck Institute of Experimental Dermatology, University of  Lübeck, Lübeck, Germany. (3)Lübeck Institute of Experimental Dermatology, University of Lübeck, Lübeck,  Germany; Unit of Dermatology and Skin Research Laboratory, Galilee Medical  Center, Nahariya, Israel; Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University,  Safed, Israel. (4)TriNetX, LLC, Cambridge, MA, USA; Biomedical Informatics Group Artificial  Intelligence Department, E.T.S.I. Informáticos, Universidad Politécnica de  Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure statement Funded by the National  Institutes of Health (NIH; K99/R00 HL 159594—A.E.N.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests R.J.S.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationships between genetic counseling students' use  of screensharing and nonverbal communication with verbal communication and  standardized patient satisfaction during simulated telehealth visits. METHODS: From 2021-2022, 59 genetic counseling students from the U.S. and Canada  conducted video-recorded standardized patient sessions via Zoom.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Imaging and Radiation Sciences Monash University,  Victoria, Australia; Crown Princess Mary Cancer Centre, Westmead Hospital,  Westmead, NSW, Australia; Blacktown Cancer and Haematology Centre, Blacktown  Hospital, Blacktown, NSW, Australia; Central West Cancer Centre, Orange Health  Service, 1530 Forest Road, Orange, 2800, NSW, Australia; Western Cancer Centre,  Myall Street, Dubbo, 2830, NSW, Australia. Electronic address:  Rachael.Beldham-Collins@health.
Author information: (1)CSL Seqirus, Maidenhead, SL6 8AA, UK. (2)CSL Seqirus, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (3)CSL Seqirus, Summit, NJ 07901, United States. (4)CSL Seqirus, Parkville, Victoria, Australia; Department of Immunology and  Microbiology, University of Melbourne, Parkville 3050, Australia. (5)CSL Seqirus, Waltham, MA, United States. (6)M.G. DeGroote Institute for Infectious Disease Research, Department of  Biochemistry & Biomedical Sciences, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario,  Canada.
Clinical Characterization of a Multicenter International Cohort of Patients With  Aicardi-Goutières Syndrome Homozygous for the RNASEH2B:p.Ala177Thr Variant:  Early Clinical Markers of Disease Severity.
Author information: (1)Department of Brain and Behavioral Sciences, University of Pavia, Pavia,  Italy; Department of Child Neurology and Psychiatry, IRCCS Mondino Foundation,  Pavia, Italy. (2)Department of Brain and Behavioral Sciences, University of Pavia, Pavia,  Italy; Department of Child Neurology and Psychiatry, IRCCS Mondino Foundation,  Pavia, Italy. Electronic address: davide.politano01@universitadipavia.it. (3)Division of Neurology, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania. (4)Biodata Science Center, IRCCS Mondino Foundation, Pavia, Italy; Department of  Political and Social Sciences, University of Pavia, Pavia, Italy. (5)Department of Developmental Neuroscience, IRCCS Stella Maris Foundation,  Pisa, Italy; Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, University of  Pisa, Pisa, Italy. (6)Unit of Muscular and Neurodegenerative Diseases, Translational Pediatrics and  Clinical Genetics, IRCCS Bambino Gesù Children's Hospital of Rome, Rome, Italy. (7)Neurogenetics Research Centre, IRCCS Mondino Foundation, Pavia, Italy. (8)Unit of Child Neurology and Psychiatry, ASST Spedali Civili of Brescia,  Brescia, Italy; Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, University of  Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (9)Department of Child Neurology and Psychiatry, IRCCS Mondino Foundation,  Pavia, Italy. (10)Department of Neurology & Neurosurgery, Montreal Neurological Institute,  McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Department of Diagnostic Radiology,  McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. (11)Child Neurology Unit, Department of Pediatric Neuroscience, Fondazione IRCCS  Istituto Neurologico Carlo Besta, Milan, Italy. (12)Department of Brain and Behavioral Sciences, University of Pavia, Pavia,  Italy; Department of Neuroradiology, Advanced Imaging and Radiomics Center,  IRCCS Mondino Foundation, Pavia, Italy. (13)Neuromuscular Pediatric Unit, IRCCS Istituto Delle Scienze Neurologiche di  Bologna-UOC Neuropsichiatria Dell'Età Pediatrica, Bologna, Italy. (14)Unit of Child Neurology and Psychiatry, University Hospital Città Della  Salute e Della Scienza, Turin, Italy. (15)Paediatric Neurology and Neurophysiology Unit, Department of Women's and  Children's Health, University of Padua, Padua, Italy. (16)Unit of Pediatric Neurology, C.O.A.L.A (Center for Diagnosis and Treatment  of Leukodystrophies), V.
BACKGROUND: Aicardi-Goutières syndrome (AGS) is a rare monogenic leukodystrophy  belonging to type I interferonopathies caused by alterations in one of nine  genes. Among them, homozygous RNASEH2B:c.529G>A(p.Ala177Thr) is the most common  variant worldwide and associated to AGS2.
Author information: (1)The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center UTHealth Houston Graduate  School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, Texas. (2)The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center UTHealth Houston Graduate  School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, Texas; Department of Pediatrics,  Pediatric Research Center, McGovern Medical School, The University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, Texas. (3)Division of Medical Genetics and Metabolism, Department of Pediatrics, The  University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas. (4)The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center UTHealth Houston Graduate  School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, Texas; Division of Medical Genetics,  Department of Pediatrics, McGovern Medical School at the University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth Houston) and Children's Memorial  Hermann Hospital, Houston, Texas. (5)Faillace Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, McGovern Medical  School at The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, Houston,  Texas. (6)The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center UTHealth Houston Graduate  School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, Texas; Division of Medical Genetics,  Department of Pediatrics, McGovern Medical School at the University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth Houston) and Children's Memorial  Hermann Hospital, Houston, Texas. Electronic address:  Kate.Richardson@uth.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Oncology, U.O.C.
Improved diagnostic screening and classification of clonal mast cell diseases by  ultrasensitive KIT p.D816V detection.
Detection of KIT p.D816V is a cornerstone in the diagnosis and classification of  mast cell activation syndromes (MCAS) and mastocytosis.
Copyright © 2025 Written work prepared by employees of the Federal Government as  part of their official duties is, under the U.S. Copyright Act, a “work of the  United States Government” for which copyright protection under Title 17 of the  United States Code is not available.
Author information: (1)Hormones and Metabolism team, Nutrition and Metabolism Branch, International  Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), Lyon, France. (2)Paris-Saclay University, UVSQ, Inserm, Gustave Roussy, CESP, Villejuif,  France. (3)Division of Cancer Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg,  Germany. (4)Department of Research, Cancer Registry of Norway, Norwegian Institute of  Public Health, Oslo, Norway. (5)Department of Molecular Epidemiology, German Institute of Human Nutrition  Potsdam-Rehbruecke, Nuthetal, Germany. (6)Institute of Nutritional Science, University of Potsdam, Nuthetal, Germany. (7)Dipartimento di Diagnostica per Immagini, Radioterapia Oncologica e  Ematologica, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli IRCCS, Rome, Italy. (8)Hyblean Association for Epidemiology Research, AIRE ONLUS Ragusa, Italy. (9)Clinical Epidemiology Unit, Institute for cancer research prevention and  clinical network, (ISPRO, Florence, Italy. (10)Centre for Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Public Health (C-BEPH),  Department of Clinical and Biological Sciences, University of Turin, Italy. (11)Epidemiology and Prevention Unit, Department of Epidemiology and Data  Science, Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Milan, Italy. (12)Escuela Andaluza de Salud Pública (EASP), Granada, 18011, Spain. (13)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs. GRANADA, Granada, 18012, Spain. (14)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Epidemiología y Salud Pública  (CIBERESP), Madrid, 28029, Spain. (15)Unit of Nutrition and Cancer, Cancer Epidemiology Research Program, Catalan  Institute of Oncology (ICO) - Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL).  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08908, Spain. (16)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, 02115, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:J.T.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:K.T. and T.I. are  inventors of patents related to ViP-ODT.
Conflict of interest statement: Einhaltung ethischer Richtlinien.  Interessenkonflikt: R. Venyte, C. Schuster-Amft, F. Behrendt, N. Nyfeler,  K. Parmar, J. Lorscheider, L.H. Bonati, U.A. Walker und H.U. Gerth geben an,  dass kein Interessenkonflikt besteht.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures Dr E.  Cheng is supported by National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute award  F32HL176198. Dr Zhu has received support from National Institutes of Health  grants 1K08HL16140501, R01HL174432, and R03HL173146; the Sarnoff Scholar Award;  and the Stanford CVI Seed grant. Dr P. Cheng is supported by American Heart  Association grant 20CDA35310303 and National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute  K08-HL153798. Dr Wu is supported by the Joan and Sanford I Weill Scholar Award.  The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily  represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health. Dr Katsumoto  has received research funding though Sanofi; and is a consultant for  Genentech/Roche and Sonoma Biotherapeutics. Dr Witteles is a consultant and/or  advisory board member for Pfizer, Alnylam, AstraZeneca, Janssen, Alexion,  BridgeBio, and Novo Nordisk; and has received clinical trial support from  Janssen, Ionis, Alynlam, Pfizer, and BridgeBio. Dr Wakelee has received research  funding through Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck, Helsinn, SeaGen, Xcovery,  Genentech/Roche, and AstraZeneca/Medimmune; has served on advisory boards for  Mirati, IOBiotech, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck, Genentech/Roche, and  AstraZeneca; holds leadership roles with the International Association for the  Study of Lung Cancer and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group–ACR Imaging Network.  Dr Fan has received funding through Cancer Imaging Grants, Cancer Early  Detection Grants, and Cancer Cytokines Grants from the U.S. Department of  Defense, the National Cancer Institute, the Cancer League, the International  Alliance for Cancer Detection, the University of Texas MD Anderson, Stanford  Cancer Institute, and Stanford Radiology; has conducted novel technology  development sponsored research for MagArray and Earli and clinical trials for  novel agents in kidney cancer and prostate cancer; has received funding from the  University of Washington, Calithera, and Filtricine; holds a Stanford cancer  patent on biomarkers for response to treatment, on which she is an inventor,  licensed by her startup, Molecular Decisions, until mid-2023; is the 2023  Precision Oncology Summit session chair; is on the Google Baseline Study return  of results advisory board, administered by the Duke Clinical Research Institute  (participation completed 2022); and holds founders’ stock in and is a board  member for Molecular Decisions, a cancer treatment response biomarker company.
Influenza virus infections are an ongoing seasonal disease burden and a  persistent pandemic threat. Formulating successful vaccines remains a challenge  due to accumulating mutations in circulating strains, necessitating the  development of innovative strategies to combat present and future viruses. One  promising strategy for attaining greater vaccine effectiveness and  longer-lasting protection is the use of computationally optimized broadly  reactive antigens (COBRAs). The COBRA approach involves in silico antigen design  by generating iterative, layered consensus sequences based on current and  historic viruses. Antigens designed by this process show a greater breadth of  antibody-mediated protection compared to wild-type antigens, with effectiveness  that often extends beyond the sequence design space of the COBRA. In particular,  the use of COBRA hemagglutinin (HA) proteins has led to the discovery of broadly  reactive antibodies that are suggestive of their therapeutic potential.  Understanding the extent to which these antibodies are effective is key to  assessing the resilience of vaccine-induced immunity to diverging influenza  strains. To investigate this, we tested the binding of broadly reactive  antibodies with a diverse panel of H3 HA proteins. Using cryo-electron  microscopy, we defined the molecular characteristics of binding for these  antibodies at the paratope-epitope interface. Through sequence and structural  comparisons, we observed the correlative patterns between antibody affinity and  antigen structure. These data shed light on the breadth and limitations of  broadly reactive antibody responses in the context of an ever-changing landscape  of influenza virus strains, yielding insights into strategies for universal  vaccine design.IMPORTANCEFormulating effective influenza vaccines remains a  challenge due to a constantly changing landscape of circulating viruses.
Author information: (1)Inflammatory Bowel Disease Service, The Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Adelaide,  South Australia, Australia. (2)School of Medicine, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences, The University of  Adelaide, Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. (3)Basel Hetzel Institute for Translational Health Research, Adelaide, South  Australia, Australia. (4)Inflammatory Bowel Disease Service, Department of Gastroenterology, John  Hunter Hospital, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. (5)School of Medicine, The University of Newcastle, Newcastle, New South Wales,  Australia. (6)Alimentiv Inc, London, Ontario, Canada. (7)Department of Gastroenterology, Mater Hospital, Brisbane, Queensland,  Australia. (8)Mater Research Institute, University of Queensland, Brisbane, Queensland,  Australia. (9)Department of Gastroenterology and Liver Services, Concord Hospital, Sydney,  New South Wales, Australia. (10)Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, New South  Wales, Australia. (11)Department of Gastroenterology, St Vincent's Hospital Melbourne, Melbourne,  Victoria, Australia. (12)Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences, Melbourne Medical  School, the University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (13)Department of Gastroenterology, Monash Health, Clayton, Victoria, Australia. (14)Faculty of Medicine, Nursing & Health Sciences, Monash University, Clayton,  Victoria, Australia. (15)Department of Gastroenterology, Central Clinical School, Monash University  and Alfred Health, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (16)Division of Pediatric Gastroenterology, NYU Grossman School of Medicine, New  York, New York, USA. (17)Gastroenterology Unit-Department of Biomedical and Clinical Science,  'L.Sacco' University Hospital, University of Milan, Milan, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: P.J.-F.
AIMS: Individuals experiencing a sudden cardiac arrest with ventricular  fibrillation and no identifiable cause are diagnosed with idiopathic ventricular  fibrillations (IVFs). 2D speckle tracking echocardiography (2DSTE) has been able  to detect differences between IVF patients and controls. However, the  association between these differences and the risk of ventricular arrhythmias  (VAs) remains unknown.This study aimed to investigate whether parameters derived  from myocardial deformation analysis using 2DSTE are associated with the  recurrence of VA in IVF patients.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: J.T.-H: Consulting  Fees/Honoraria Johnson and Johnson, Microport, Cytokinetics, and Leo Pharma.
Photobiomodulation (PBM) using near-infrared (NIR) light is a novel  neuromodulation technique. However, despite the many in vivo studies, the  stimulation protocols for PBM vary across studies, and the current understanding  of the physiological effects of PBM, as well as the dose dependence, is limited.  Specifically, although NIR light can be absorbed by melanin in the skin, the  understanding of how skin tones compare and how their influence interacts with  other dose parameters remains limited. This study investigates the effect of  melanin, optical power density, and wavelength on light penetration and energy  accumulation via forehead and intranasal PBM. We use Monte Carlo simulations of  a single laser source for transcranial (tPBM, forehead position) and intranasal  (iPBM, nostril position) irradiation on a healthy human brain model. We  investigate wavelengths of 670, 810, and 1064 nm at various power densities in  combination with light ("Caucasian"), medium ("Asian"), and dark ("African")  skin tone categories as defined in the literature. Our simulations show that a  maximum of 15% of the incidental energy for tPBM and 1% for iPBM reaches the  cortex from the light source. The rostral dorsal prefrontal cortex and the  ventromedial prefrontal cortex accumulate the highest light energy in tPBM and  iPBM, respectively, for both wavelengths. Notably, we show that nominally  "Caucasian" skin allows the highest energy accumulation of all three skin tones.  Moreover, the 810 nm wavelength for tPBM and the 1064 nm wavelength for iPBM  produced the highest cortical energy accumulation, which was linearly correlated  with optical power density, but these variations could be overridden by a  difference in skin tone in the tPBM case.The simulations serve as a starting  point for enabling hypothesis generation for in vivo PBM investigations.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Soft tissue sarcomas (STS) are rare mesenchymal tumors  for which no clinically validated quantitative magnetic resonance imaging (qMRI)  parameters exist yet.This study explores repeatability and association with  histopathology of qMRI parameters during and after neo-adjuvant angiogenesis  inhibition (oral pazopanib) and radiotherapy for localized, high-risk STS.
Author information: (1)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Lahey  Hospital & Medical Center, 41 Mall Road, Burlington, MA, USA. (2)Center for Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Department of Biomedical  Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, 90048, USA. (3)Department of Cardiology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, USA. (4)Center for Health and Nature, and the Division of Cardiovascular Prevention  and Wellness, Houston Methodist, Houston, TX, USA. (5)Harrington Heart and Vascular Institute, University Hospitals and Case  Western Reserve School of Medicine, Cleveland, OH, USA. (6)Department of Environmental Health, Harvard T.H. Chan, School of Public  Health, Boston, MA, USA.
Author information: (1)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Medical Sciences, Surgery, and  Neurosciences, University of Siena and Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Senese  [European Reference Network (ERN) for Rare Immunodeficiency, Autoinflammatory,  and Autoimmune Diseases (RITA) Center], Siena, Italy. (2)Neuroscience Research Group (NEUROS), Neurovitae Center for Neuroscience,  Institute of Translational Medicine (IMT), School of Medicine and Health  Sciences, Universidad del Rosario, Bogotá, Colombia. (3)Department of DiBrain, University of Bari, Bari, Italy. (4)Unit of Rheumatology and Clinical Immunology, Department of Internal  Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University, Giza, Egypt. (5)Faculty of Medicine, Newgiza University, Giza, Egypt. (6)Unit of Pediatric Rheumatology, ASST Gaetano Pini-CTO, Milan, Italy. (7)Uveitis Unit, Department of Sense Organs, Eye Clinic, Sapienza University of  Rome, Rome, Italy. (8)Department of Immunology and Rheumatology, Instituto Nacional de Ciencias  Médicas y Nutrición Salvador Zubirán, Mexico City, Mexico. (9)Department of Precision and Regenerative Medicine and Ionian Area  (DiMePRe-J), Policlinic Hospital, University of Bari, Bari, Italy. (10)Department of Paediatrics, University of Chieti-Pescara, Chieti, Italy. (11)Division of Rheumatology, Faculdade de Medicina, Hospital das Clinicas  (HCFMUSP), Universidade de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil. (12)Department of Ophthalmology, Biocruces Bizkaia Health Research Institute,  Cruces University Hospital, University of the Basque Country, Barakaldo, Spain. (13)Rheumatology, Allergology, and Clinical Immunology, Department of Systems  Medicine, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy. (14)Department of Life, Health and Environmental Sciences, Division of Internal  Medicine and Nephrology, ASL1 Avezzano-Sulmona-L'Aquila, San Salvatore Hospital,  University of L'Aquila, L'Aquila, Italy. (15)U.O. Medicina Generale, Ospedale San Paolo di Civitavecchia, Civitavecchia,  Rome, Italy.
BACKGROUND: The prognostic nutritional index (PNI) involves both the nutritional  status and immune function as crucial factors linked to the prognosis of various  gastrointestinal cancers. The relationship between the PNI and postoperative  quality of life (QOL) in patients with esophageal cancer (EC) has not been  examined. This study sought to examine the effects of the PNI on the  postoperative patient-reported outcomes (PROs) of patients with esophageal  squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). METHODS: Consecutive ESCC patients undergoing minimally invasive McKeown  esophagectomy at a single center from April 2019 to December 2020 were enrolled  in this study. The patients were allocated to the PNI-high group (PNI ≥45) and  PNI-low group (PNI <45). The longitudinal PROs were handled to compare the  functions and symptoms using a linear mixed-effect models. The M.D. Anderson  Symptom Inventory (MDASI) and the European Organization for Research and  Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) questionnaires were used to assess patients'  symptoms and QOL.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://jtd.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/jtd-24-1793/coif). Q.J.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://jtd.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/jtd-2025-962/coif). The series  “Frontiers in bronchiectasis management: Translational science and practice” was  commissioned by the editorial office without any funding or sponsorship. W.J.G.
A growing body of literature suggests that the efficacy of DNA hypomethylating  agents are mediated via activation of antitumor immune mechanisms. Based upon  this hypothesis, early phase trials combining immune checkpoint inhibitors  (ICIs) with azacitidine in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS)/acute  myeloid leukemia (AML) were undertaken, but clinical and immunologic efficacy  have proven disappointing. In these studies, the lack of antigen specificity  made systematic assessment of the anti-MDS immune response challenging. We  hypothesized that combining vaccination against the New York esophageal squamous  cell carcinoma 1 (NY-ESO-1) tumor antigen with decitabine and an ICI would allow  us to understand antigen-specific immune responses in patients with MDS. To test  this hypothesis, we developed an investigator-initiated phase 1 trial in  transplant-ineligible patients with MDS/low blast count AML incorporating the  anti-programmed cell death protein-1 (PD-1) ICI nivolumab. All patients  developed NY-ESO-1-specific CD4+ T-cell responses associated with upregulation  of anti-PD-1 immunotherapy gene signatures in the CD4+ T-cell population.  Patients had reduced numbers of conventional dendritic cells marked by high  expression of CD141 (cDC1), a population critical for successful responses to  immunotherapy. cDC1 from patients with MDS showed reduced expression of genes  that are key for optimal T-cell activation and expansion. These results suggest  that immunotherapy efficacy may vary according to the function of the myeloid  immunologic milieu in patients with MDS. Approaches to augment the number and  function of cDC1 populations in myeloid disease might overcome this defect and  enhance the efficacy of immunotherapy for patients with MDS. This trial was  registered at www.ClinicalTrials.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: E.A.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Kazakh National Medical University Named  After S.D. Asfendizarov, Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Neurophotonics. 2025 Jul;12(3):035007. doi: 10.1117/1.NPh.
Author information: (1)Boston University, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Boston,  Massachusetts, United States. (2)Boston University, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Boston,  Massachusetts, United States. (3)VA Boston Healthcare System, U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs,  Massachusetts, United States.
DOI: 10.1117/1.NPh.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Bioengineering, Latvian State Institute of Wood Chemistry,  Riga, Latvia. (2)K. Tars Lab, Latvian Biomedical Research and Study Centre, Riga, Latvia. (3)Institute of Biomaterials and Bioengineering, Riga Technical University,  Riga, Latvia. (4)Institute for Life Science Technologies ILT.NRW, OWL University of Applied  Sciences and Arts, Lemgo, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: TD owns shares in Aspidia srl and occasionally  consults Solvay Italia S.p.A. FS and SB received a grant from Solvay Italia  S.
Int J Nanomedicine. 2025 Aug 9;20:9857-9881. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S533559.
Author information: (1)Cell Regeneration Research Center, Chonnam National University Hospital,  Gwangju, Republic of Korea. (D.I.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Beijing Chao-yang Hospital, Capital Medical  University, China. (X.W., Y.L., Y.T., J.Z., Q.Y.).
Author information: (1)Cancer Genetics Group, IPO Porto Research Center (CI-IPOP)/RISE@CI-IPOP  (Health Research Network), Portuguese Oncology Institute of Porto (IPO  Porto)/Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center, Portugal. (2)PhD Program in Biomedical Sciences, School of Medicine and Biomedical  Sciences (ICBAS), University of Porto, Portugal. (3)Master Program in Oncology, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences  (ICBAS), University of Porto, Portugal. (4)Department of Laboratory Genetics, Portuguese Oncology Institute of Porto  (IPO Porto)/Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center Raquel Seruca (Porto.CCC Raquel  Seruca), Portugal.
BackgroundDementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is a common degenerative dementia, but  no studies investigate bereaved caregiver experiences.ObjectiveTo investigate  the experiences of caregivers three months after the death of persons with DLB  using a mixed-methods approach.MethodsDyads of individuals with  moderate-advanced DLB and their primary informal caregivers were followed  prospectively every 6 months until the person with DLB died.
Author information: (1)PhD Program in Psychology, Faculty of Psychology, Universidad del Valle,  Cali, Colombia. (2)Hospital Universitario del Valle "Evaristo García" E.S.E, Cali, Colombia.
Author information: (1)Neuro-SysMed, Department of Neurology, Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen,  Norway. (2)Department of Clinical Medicine, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway. (3)K.G. Jebsen Center for Translational Research in Parkinson's disease,  University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.
BackgroundMitochondrial dysfunction, particularly complex I (CI) deficiency, is  considered an integral feature of Parkinson's disease (PD). However, recent  findings indicate that widespread neuronal CI deficiency in the brain is only  present in a subpopulation of 20-30% of cases. This stratification may be  relevant for selecting participants for clinical trials, emphasizing the need  for clinically applicable biomarkers. We previously reported CI deficiency in  skeletal muscle biopsies of a subpopulation of persons with PD (PwPs),  suggesting potential for mitochondrial stratification using extra-neural  tissues. Platelets are another tissue previously reported to exhibit  mitochondrial respiratory defects in PD. However, studies have generally  involved small sample sizes and reported variable results.ObjectiveTo determine  whether platelets exhibit impaired mitochondrial respiratory chain complex  activity in PwPs, or in a subpopulation of PwPs.MethodsUsing spectrophotometric  activity assays, we assessed CI and complex IV (CIV) activities in platelet  samples from 61 PwPs and 31 neurologically healthy controls from a  well-characterized prospective cohort.
Conflict of interest statement: Sun Young Rha reports research funding to  institution for the present work from MSD; grant and/or contract funding to  institution for clinical trials outside the present work from AstraZeneca, Ono  Pharmaceutical, Eisai, Ipsen, MSD, Merck KGaA, Pfizer, BeiGene, Astellas Pharma,  AMGEN, ALX Oncology, Zymeworks, Macrogenics, Seagen, Bold Therapeutics,  MedPacto, ABLBIO, Daiichi Sankyo, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Leap Therapeutics, and  Arcus Biosciences; consulting fees from LG Biochem and Indivumed; honoraria from  MSD, Lilly, Daiichi‐Sankyo, Eisai, Ipsen, Amgen, Astellas, and Sanofi; and fees  for participation on a data safety monitoring board or advisory board for Amgen,  Toray, and Arcus. Eduardo Castanon reports consulting fees from Glaxo Smith  Kline, Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and MSD; honoraria from Glaxo Smith Kline,  Bristol‐Myers Squibb, and Pfizer; and fees for participation on an advisory  board for MSD. Juanita Lopez reports grant and/or contract funding to  institution from Roche‐Genentech, MSD, Astex, Janssen, and Verastem; and fees  for participation on an advisory board for Roche‐Genentech, Glaxo Smith Kline,  and Servier. Iván Márquez‐Rodas reports consulting fees from Amgen, Astra  Zeneca, BiolineRx, Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Celgene, Glaxo Smith Kline, Highlight  Therapeutics, Immunocore, Merck Serono, MSD, Novartis, Pierre Fabre, Regeneron,  Roche, Sanofi, and Sun Pharma; and travel and/or meeting support from Amgen,  Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Glaxo Smith Kline, Highlight Therapeutics, MSD, Novartis,  Pierre Fabre, Roche, and Sun Pharma. Iván Victoria reports honoraria from MSD  Oncology. Tae Min Kim reports research funding to institution from ABBVIE,  Amgen, AstraZeneca/Medimmune, Bayer, Black Diamond Therapeutics, Blueprint  Medicines, Boryung, Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Celgene, Dizal, EMD Serono Inc,  Enliven Therapeutics, F. Hoffmann‐La Roche, Ltd/Genentech, Inc, Fore  Biotherapeutics, Hanmi, Genmab, Janssen, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, RAPT  Therapeutics, Regeneron, Sanofi, Takeda, Taiho, and Yuhan; consulting fees from  AstraZeneca, Daiichi‐Sankyo, HK inno.N, IMBDx, Inc, Janssen, Regeneron,  Roche/Genentech, Samsung Bioepis, and Takeda; and fees for participation on a  data safety monitoring board or advisory board for AstraZeneca, Janssen,  Regeneron, Roche/Genentech, Samsung Bioepis, and Takeda.
Author information: (1)National Institute for Laser, Plasma and Radiation Physics, 409 Atomistilor  Street, P.O. Box MG 36, 077125 Magurele, Romania.
Author information: (1)Kurnakov Institute of General and Inorganic Chemistry of the Russian Academy  of Sciences, Moscow 119071, Russia. (2)Faculty of Chemistry, Biology and Biotechnology, North Ossetian State  University Named After Kosta Levanovich Khetagurov, Vladikavkaz 362025, Russia. (3)State Scientific Center of the Russian Federation "Russian Scientific Center  of Surgery Named After Academician B.V. Petrovsky", Institute of Longevity with  a Clinic of Rehabilitation and Preventive Medicine, Moscow 119435, Russia.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical, Dental Sciences and Morphological and Functional  Images, University of Messina, 98124 Messina, Italy. (2)I.R.C.C.S.
Author information: (1)Cardiology II Department, Victor Babes University of Medicine and Pharmacy,  300041 Timișoara, Romania. (2)Rocordis Heart Center, 300278 Timișoara, Romania. (3)Advanced Research Centre of the Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Victor  Babes University of Medicine and Pharmacy, 300310 Timișoara, Romania. (4)Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases Timișoara, Clinic of Cardiology, 300310  Timișoara, Romania. (5)Doctoral School of Biomedical Sciences, University of Oradea, 410087 Oradea,  Romania. (6)Department III of Functional Sciences, Discipline of Pathophysiology, Victor  Babes University of Medicine and Pharmacy, 300041 Timișoara, Romania. (7)Department VI Cardiovascular Surgery, Victor Babes University of Medicine and  Pharmacy, 300041 Timișoara, Romania. (8)Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases Timișoara, Clinic of Cardiovascular  Surgery, Victor Babes University of Medicine and Pharmacy, 300310 Timișoara,  Romania. (9)Department of Cardiac Rehabilitation Cluj, University of Medicine and  Pharmacy "Iuliu Hațieganu", 400012 Cluj-Napoca, Romania. (10)Cardiology Department, University of Medicine and Pharmacy "Gr. T. Popa",  700115 Iași, Romania. (11)Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases "Prof Dr. George I.M Georgescu", 700503  Iași, Romania.
Conflict of interest statement: J.C. serves as a consultant and Immunotherapy  Subject Matter Expert for Guidepoint Consulting (New York, NY, USA) and is an  inventor on Patent Number(s): US20170044496A1 and received royalties for this  technology license.
Conflict of interest statement: T.B.-S.
Conflict of interest statement: J.W.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Y.-J.L., J.
Conflict of interest statement: Mischak, H. is the founder and co-owner of  Mosaiques Diagnostics GmbH (Hannover, Germany). Mina, I.K., Latosinska, A.
Conflict of interest statement: Author H.M. is the founder and co-owner of  Mosaiques Diagnostics (Hannover, Germany).
Conflict of interest statement: W.D. is a consultant for and received financial  support from CARL ZEISS AG.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences (BIOMETEC), University  of Catania, Via Santa Sofia 97, 95123 Catania, Italy. (2)Department of Chemical, Biological, Pharmaceutical and Environmental Sciences  (ChiBioFarAm), University of Messina, Viale F. Stagno d'Alcontres 31, 98166  Messina, Italy. (3)Department of Medicine and Surgery, University of Enna "Kore", 94100 Enna,  Italy. (4)Department of Medical, Surgical Sciences and Advanced Technologies "G.F.  Ingrassia", Anatomic Pathology, University of Catania, Via Santa Sofia 87, 95123  Catania, Italy.
Author information: (1)Petersburg Nuclear Physics Institute Named by B.P. Konstantinov of National  Research Centre "Kurchatov Institute", Orlova roscha 1, Gatchina 188300, Russia.
Author information: (1)Laboratorio de Farmacogenética, UMIEZ, Facultad de Estudios Superiores  Zaragoza, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Batalla 5 de Mayo S/N,  Esquina Fuerte de Loreto, Iztapalapa, Ciudad de México C.P. 09230, Mexico.
Conflict of interest statement: D.D. has consulted for Medtronic, Cook Medical,  and Boston Scientific, and has received research funding from Trisalus.
Conflict of interest statement: Tobias Penzkofer receives funding from Berlin  Institute of Health (Advanced Clinician Scientist Grant, Platform Grant),  Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF, 01KX2021 (RACOON, 01KX2524), 01KX2121  (“NUM 2.0”, RACOON), 68GX21001A, 01ZZ2315D), German Research Foundation (DFG,  SFB 1340/2), European Union (H2020, CHAIMELEON: 952172, DIGITAL,  EUCAIM:101100633) and reports research agreements (no personal payments, outside  of submitted work) with AGO, Aprea AB, ARCAGY-GINECO, Astellas Pharma Global  Inc. (APGD), Astra Zeneca, Clovis Oncology, Inc., Holaira, Incyte Corporation,  Karyopharm, Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., MedImmune, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp,  Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Morphotec Inc., NovoCure Ltd., PharmaMar S.A.  and PharmaMar USA, Inc.
Procedural physician-scientists have made significant contributions to medicine  and science, with twelve proceduralists receiving a Nobel Prize. Unfortunately,  several systemic challenges have jeopardized the existence, let alone the  flourishing, of procedural physician-scientists: the widening gap in the  National Institutes of Health salary cap, decreasing funding from nonfederal  public and private agencies, and shifting priorities among U.S. hospitals,  payers, and policymakers toward relative value unit productivity-based  compensation and fee-for-service models.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Laboratory Science and Biotechnology, China Medical  University, Taichung 404, Taiwan. (2)eXCELL Biotherapeutics Inc., Taichung 404, Taiwan. (3)Department of Medicine, Urology Division, China Medical University and  Hospital, Taichung 404, Taiwan. (4)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Ph.D. Program for Health Science  and Industry, School of Medicine, China Medical University, Taichung 404,  Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: Author C.-R.S. was employed by the company  eXCELL Biotherapeutics Inc.
Author information: (1)Medical Oncology Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Ca' Granda Ospedale Maggiore  Policlinico, 20122 Milan, Italy. (2)Oncology Unit, ASST Bergamo Ovest, 24047 Treviglio, Italy. (3)A.O. Santa Croce e Carle, CTC, 12100 Cuneo, Italy.
Background/Objectives: Saliva as a diagnostic medium for COVID-19 requires fewer  resources to collect and is more readily adopted across a range of testers. Our  study compared an Emergency Use Authorized direct saliva-to-RT-qPCR test against  an FDA-authorized nasal swab RT-qPCR assay for participants who reported  symptoms of respiratory infection. Methods: We analyzed 737 symptomatic  participants who self-selected to test at either a community testing facility or  a walk-in clinic due to respiratory symptoms and provided matched saliva and  nasal swab samples. Samples were collected between March and September of 2023,  both before and after the declared end of the public health emergency. Results:  A total of 120 participants tested positive in at least one of the tests. For  participants testing in the first 5 days of reported symptoms, the saliva test  had a 94.0 positive percent agreement (PPA; 95% C.I. 88.
Author information: (1)Ophthalmology Unit, Surgical Department, A.O. Ordine Mauriziano,10128 Turin,  Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: In the past 3 years, J.L.J.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Genetics, University of Cambridge and NIHR Cambridge  Biomedical Research Centre, Cambridge, UK. rc674@cam.ac.uk. (2)Department of Endocrinology, Cambridge Cancer Centre and Cambridge University  Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Cambridge, UK. rc674@cam.ac.uk. (3)Department of Paediatric Diabetes and Endocrinology, Cambridge Cancer Centre  and Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Cambridge, UK. (4)Endocrine and Diabetes Service, CHU Sainte-Justine and University of  Montreal, Montreal, Québec, Canada. (5)Department of Endocrine Neoplasia and Hormonal Disorders, University of Texas  MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (6)University Children's Hospital, Department of Paediatric Hematology, Oncology  and Stem Cell Transplantation, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany. (7)Paediatric Oncology Department, Otto von Guericke University Children's  Hospital, Magdeburg, Germany. (8)St Bartholomew's Hospital, Barts Health NHS Trust, London, UK. (9)Centre for Endocrinology, William Harvey Research Institute, Queen Mary  University of London, London, UK. (10)Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology and Diabetes, University  Hospital, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany. (11)Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Royal North Shore Hospital,  Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. (12)Université de Paris, Paris, France. (13)Hypertension Unit, Hôpital Européen Georges Pompidou, Assistance Publique -  Hôpitaux de Paris, Paris, France. (14)Department of Medicine III, University Hospital Carl Gustav Carus, Medical  Faculty Carl Gustav Carus, Technische Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany. (15)Department of Experimental and Clinical Biomedical Sciences "Mario Serio",  University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (16)Centro di Ricerca e Innovazione sulle Patologie Surrenaliche, Azienda  Ospedaliera Universitaria (AOU) Careggi, Florence, Italy. (17)Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of  Paediatrics, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School,  'Aghia Sophia' Children's Hospital, Athens, Greece. (18)Unit of Endocrinology, Theagenio Hospital, Thessaloniki, Greece. (19)Hereditary Endocrine Cancer Group, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre  (CNIO) and Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Raras  (CIBERER), Institute of Health Carlos III (ISCIII), Madrid, Spain. (20)Princess Maxima Center for Paediatric Oncology, Utrecht, Netherlands. (21)Department of Pathology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht,  Netherlands. (22)Department of Public Health and Paediatric Sciences, University of Turin,  Turin, Italy. (23)Division of Hematology/Oncology, Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center,  Columbia University Irving Medical Center, New York, NY, USA. (24)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital of Texas, MD Anderson  Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (25)Department of Paediatrics, Faculty of Medicine and University Hospital Carl  Gustav Carus, Technische Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany. (26)Department of Surgery, University of Cambridge and National Institute for  Health Research Cambridge Biomedical Research Centre, Addenbrooke's Hospital,  Cambridge, UK. (27)Blood and Transplant Research Unit in Organ Donation and Transplantation,  National Institute for Health Research, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. (28)Paediatrics and Adolescent Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Augsburg, Augsburg, Germany. (29)U.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.M. received a research  grant to their institution from Recordati Rare Diseases; is a consultant to Novo  Nordisk and Crinetics.
Author information: (1)Department of Personalized Medicine and Rare Diseases, Medfuture Institute  for Biomedical Research - Department of Hematology, Iuliu Hatieganu University  of Medicine and Pharmacy, Cluj-Napoca, Romania. (2)Department of Oncology, Bistrita Emergency Hospital, Bistrita, Romania. (3)Department of Hematology, Ion Chiricuta Cancer Center, Cluj Napoca, Romania. (4)Department of Internal Medicine II, Julius Maximilians University, Wurzburg,  Germany. (5)Department of Leukemia, Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center, The Johns  Hopkins University, Baltimore, USA. (6)Department of Cancer Biology and Genetics, The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. Carlo.Croce@osumc.
Author information: (1)Medical Innovation Research Department, Chinese PLA General Hospital, 100853,  Beijing, China. (2)School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Beihang University,  100191, Beijing, China. (3)Department of Cardiology, National University Heart Centre, 119074,  Singapore, Singapore. (4)Laboratory for Computational Physiology, Institute for Medical Engineering  and Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 02139, Massachusetts, USA. (5)Genome Institute of Singapore, Agency for Science, Technology and Research  (A*STAR), 138672, Singapore, Singapore. (6)Department of Medicine, Duke University, 27708, North Carolina, USA. (7)PAII Inc., Palo Alto, 94306, California, USA. (8)Medical Supplies Center, Chinese PLA General Hospital, 100853, Beijing,  China. (9)Department of Critical Care Medicine, The First Medical Center, Chinese PLA  General Hospital, 100853, Beijing, China. (10)Department of Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy, the First Medical Center, Chinese  PLA General Hospital, 100853, Beijing, China. (11)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Chinese PLA General Hospital, 100853,  Beijing, China. (12)Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health and the Institute of Data Science,  National University of Singapore, 117549, Singapore, Singapore.  ephfm@nus.edu.sg. (13)School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Beihang University,  100191, Beijing, China. deyuli@buaa.edu.cn. (14)Medical Innovation Research Department, Chinese PLA General Hospital,  100853, Beijing, China. zhangzhengbo@301hospital.com.cn. (15)School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Beihang University,  100191, Beijing, China. zhangzhengbo@301hospital.com.cn. (16)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and Sleep Medicine, Beth Israel  Deaconess Medical Center, 02215, Massachusetts, USA. (17)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  02115, Massachusetts, USA.
Clinical notes are crucial for patient assessment in the ICU but can be  challenging to accurately and objectively analyze in time-constrained  situations. We developed the GRACE-ICU model which integrates clinical notes and  structured data to rapidly assess critical illness severity in older adults.  Based on a cohort from a large U.S. teaching hospital, we fine-tuned a  Clinical-Longformer model on pre-ICU notes and combined it with 10 significant  structured variables via logistic regression.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences and Tung Biomedical Sciences Centre,  College of Biomedicine, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong SAR,  China. (2)Ming Wai Lau Centre for Reparative Medicine, Karolinska Institutet, Shatin,  Hong Kong SAR, China. (3)GenEditBio Limited, Shatin, Hong Kong SAR, China. (4)Center for Neuromusculoskeletal Restorative Medicine, Hong Kong Science Park,  Shatin, Hong Kong SAR, China. (5)Department of Neuroscience, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden. (6)Department of Surgery, Prince of Wales Hospital, The Chinese University of  Hong Kong, Shatin, Hong Kong SAR, China. (7)Department of Hematology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, TN,  USA. (8)Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (9)Department of Pathology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (10)Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (11)Department of Biomedical Sciences and Tung Biomedical Sciences Centre,  College of Biomedicine, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong SAR,  China. Zongli.Zheng@cityu.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Z.Z. is a co-founder and a  scientific advisor for and holds equity in GenEditBio whose interest is reviewed  and regulated by institutional Outside Practice policies annually.
Author information: (1)Centro Cardiologico Monzino, IRCCs, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of clinical sciences and community health, Cardiovascular section,  University of Milan, Milan, Italy. (3)AstraZeneca, Milano, Italy. (4)Health Science Interdisciplinary Center, Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna, Pisa,  Italy. (5)Cardio-Thoracic department, Fondazione Toscana Gabriele Monasterio, Pisa,  Italy. (6)Clinical Cardiology, IRCCS Policlinico San Donato, Milan, Italy. (7)Department of Biomedical Sciences for Health, University of Milan, Milan,  Italy. (8)Cardiovascular Department, "Azienda Sanitaria Universitaria  Giuliano-Isontina", Trieste, Italy. (9)Cardiovascular Department, Cardiology Unit, ASST Papa Giovanni XXIII,  Bergamo, Italy. (10)Università degli studi di Trieste, Trieste, Italy. (11)Department of Clinical and Molecular Medicine, Azienda Ospedaliera  Sant'Andrea, "Sapienza" Università degli Studi di Roma, Roma, Italy. (12)Dipartimento di scienze biomediche avanzate, Federico II University, 80131  Naples, Italy. (13)Cardiology Department, Istituti Clinici Scientifici Maugeri, IRCCS, Veruno  Institute, Veruno, Italy. (14)U.O. Prevenzione e Riabilitazione cardiovascolare, I.R.C.C.S.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest In addition to  editorial support disclosed above, the authors have the following conflicts of  interest: Bartolome R. Celli received consulting fees from Chiesi for  participation in this project. Outside the scope of this manuscript, he received  fees from GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca for consulting, speaking at meetings  and participating in advisory boards, from Menarini for consulting and speaking  at meetings, from Sanofi Aventis for consulting and participating in advisory  boards, from Axios for consulting, and from Chiesi and Regeneron for lectures,  presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events,  support for attending meetings and/or travel from GlaxoSmithKline and Sanofi  Aventis, and participated in a Data Safety Monitoring Board or Advisory Board  for AZ Therapeutics, Sanofi Aventis, and Vertex. Leonardo M. Fabbri received  consulting fees from Chiesi, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca, Novartis, and Verona  Pharma, payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus,  manuscript writing or educational events from Chiesi, GlaxoSmithKline, and  Glemark, and participation in a Data Safety Monitoring Board or Advisory Board  for Novartis, Chiesi and ICON. Abebaw M. Yohannes received consulting fees from  Chiesi for participation in this project. He received support for attending a  meeting from Theravance Bio Pharma limited, outside the scope of this  manuscript. Nathaniel M. Hawkins declares a grant to his institution from  AstraZeneca, consulting fees from AstraZeneca, and payment or honoraria for  lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational  events from AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Novo-Nordisk. All are outside  the scope of the current manuscript. Gerard J. Criner received consulting fees  from Chiesi for participation in this project. Outside the scope of this  manuscript, he declares grants or contracts to his institution from ALung  Technologies Inc, American College of Radiology, American Lung Association,  AstraZeneca, BioScale Inc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Breath Therapeutics Inc, COPD  Foundation, Coridea/Zidan, Dr. Karen Burns/St. Michael’s Hospital, Fisher &  Paykel, Galapagos NV, GlaxoSmithKline, Lungpacer Medical Inc, NHLBI, Nuvaira  Inc, PCORI, Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation, Pulmonx, Philips Respironics Inc,  Respivant Sciences, Spiration Inc, Steward St Elizabeth’s Medical Center of  Boston Inc, Veracyte Inc, Bellerophon Therapeutics, Regeneron, Clear Creek Bio  Inc, Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc, Eli Lilly and Company, Gilead Sciences, Incyte  Corporation, Janssen Vaccines & Prevention B.V., Daniel Benjamin, Hoffmann-La  Roche, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: GSM has received grant or  research support from National Health and Medical Research Council, Australian  Rotary Health, NSW Health, American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, Ramsay  Research and Teaching Fund, Elsevier, AstraZeneca, Janssen-Cilag, Lundbeck,  Otsuka and Servier; and has been a consultant for AstraZeneca, Janssen-Cilag,  Lundbeck, Otsuka and Servier. He is the recipient of an investigator-initiated  grant from Janssen-Cilag (PoET Study), joint grant funding from the University  of Sydney and National Taiwan University (Ignition Grant) and grant funding from  The North Foundation. E.B. has received joint grant funding from the University  of Sydney and National Taiwan University (Ignition Grant), grant funding from  The North Foundation, and grant funding from the Greek Young Matrons’  Association (GYMA).
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures Dr Lauder  has received speaker honoraria from AstraZeneca, Medtronic, Recor Medical, and  Pfizer; and has received consulting fees from Medtronic and Recor Medical. Dr  Fisher has received research support and consulting fees from Recor Medical; and  has received consulting fees from Aktiia, Alnylam, and AstraZeneca. Dr Böhm is  supported by Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (TTR 219, project 322900939); and  has received personal fees from Abbott, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer  Ingelheim, Cytokinetics, Daiichi-Sankyo, Medtronic, Novartis, Recor Medical,  Servier, and Vifor during the conduct of the study. Dr Pfister has received  speaker honoraria and/or consultant fees from AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer  Ingelheim, CSL Vifor, Merck Sharpe & Dohme, Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer, and  Sanofi. Dr Secemsky is supported by National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute  grant K23HL150290; has received grants to the institution from Abbott  Laboratories, Becton Dickinson, Boston Scientific, Cook Medical, Medtronic, and  Philips; and is a consultant for Abbott Laboratories, Becton Dickinson, Boston  Scientific, Cook Medical, Cordis, Endovascular Engineering, Evident Vascular,  W.L. Gore & Associates, Infraredx, Medtronic, Philips, RapidAI, Rampart, R3,  Shockwave Medical, Siemens, SoniVie, Teleflex, Terumo, Thrombolex, VentureMed,  and Zoll Medical.
INTRODUCTION: Despite advancements in biomedical and healthcare research, the  translation of evidence into routine practice within healthcare systems often  lags, perpetuating inefficiencies and disparities in care delivery. Learning  health systems (LHS), which integrate internal data and external evidence for  continuous improvement, hold promise for addressing these gaps. Implementation  science (IS), focused on promoting the systematic uptake of evidence-based  practices, offers a robust framework to drive sustainable improvements within  LHS. However, the practical application of IS principles in LHS remains  underexplored. This scoping review aims to systematically map the literature on  the application of IS in LHS, highlighting themes, gaps and opportunities for  advancing future practices. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This review will follow the Joanna Briggs Institute (JBI)  methodology for scoping reviews, supported by the Preferred Reporting Items for  Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR)  checklist. The review employs a population-concept-context framework, focusing  on studies engaged in LHS activities and the application of IS principles in  various healthcare settings. Relevant literature will be searched across  multiple databases, including OVID/Medline, Embase, Web of Science Core  Collection and Health Policy Reference Center. Eligible studies will be  screened, and data will be extracted and synthesised using both quantitative and  qualitative methods. Key outcomes include characterising IS applications in LHS,  evaluating barriers and facilitators, exploring equity integration, and  identifying knowledge gaps. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: As this study does not involve primary data  collection, ethical approval is not required. Findings will be disseminated  through peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations to inform future  research and practice. REGISTRATION: This protocol has been registered on the Open Science Framework  (DOI: 10.17605/OSF.IO/BMQ6J).
BackgroundAs the prevalence of Alzheimer disease (AD) rises, early  identification of at-risk individuals is essential for effective intervention.  Mild behavioral impairment (MBI), which captures emergent and persistent  neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) in later life, may enhance early detection of  AD; however, its associations with 2024 NIA-AA Core 1 biomarkers remain  unexplored. We investigated associations between MBI and cerebrospinal fluid  (CSF) amyloid β-42 (Aβ42) and phosphorylated tau-181 (p-tau181).MethodBaseline  data from 1327 dementia-free Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI)  participants were analyzed.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078 Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR 97239 USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Distinguished Professor and Chair, Department of  Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ 85724-5050, USA.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: A patent application related to  this work has been filed (European Patent Application No. 24187247.2:  'Biomarkers for Herpes-simplex virus autoimmunity’) with J.K. and H.B.L.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Annenberg School for Communication, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,  PA 19104, United States. (2)Penn Medicine Abramson Cancer Center, Philadelphia, PA 19104, United States. (3)Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, PA 19104, United States. (4)Department of Health Outcomes and Biomedical Informatics, University of  Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611, United States. (5)Department of Population Health Sciences, College of Medicine, University of  Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32827, United States. (6)The Fenway Institute, Fenway Health, Boston, MA 02215, United States. (7)Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, United  States. (8)Department of Medicine, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, MA  02215, United States. (9)Department of Epidemiology, Florida International University, Miami, FL  33199, United States. (10)California LGBT Tobacco Education Partnership, San Francisco, CA 94114,  United States. (11)Department of Population Medicine, Harvard Medical School & Harvard Pilgrim  Health Care Institute, Boston, MA 02215, United States. (12)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA 02115, United States.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Y.-R.L., Z.L., D.L., Y.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest Benjamin D.  Simon: None. Stephanie A. Harmon: None. Katie M. Merriman: None. Jesse  Tetreault: Employee of NVIDIA Corporation. Omer T. Esengur: None. Hunter Stecko:  None. Enis C. Yilmaz: None. Lei Clifton: None. Anshul Thakur: None. Zoë Blake:  None. Maria J. Merino: None. Julie Y. An: None. Jamie Marko: None. Yan Mee Law:  None. Sandeep Gurram: None. David Clifton: None. Bradford J. Wood: Principal  investigator on cooperative research and development agreement (CRADA) between  National Institutes of Health (NIH) and Philips and CRADAs with industry  partners unrelated to this work; travel support related to CRADAs; royalties  from NIH related to Philips licensing agreement; patents planned, issued, or  pending. Peter L. Choyke: Receives payment from royalties paid to the U.S.  government for patents on MRI US fusion biopsy licensed to Philips Medical.
Author information: (1)Florida State University, Department of Health, Nutrition, and Food Sciences,  Tallahassee, Florida, United States; pab18df@fsu.edu. (2)Tripler Army Medical Center, Tripler Army Medical Center, Hawaii, United  States; drpaulhenning@gmail.com. (3)Florida State University, Department of Health, Nutrition, and Food Sciences,  Tallahassee, Florida, United States. (4)LSU Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United  States. (5)US Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine, Natick, Massachusetts,  United States. (6)Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education, Belcamp, Maryland, United  States; Susan.Cheung@pbrc.
Energy deficit often occurs during military training and operations due to  prolonged and strenuous physical exertion and limited access to food. During  energy deficit, the body predominately relies on fat stores. This results in  greater circulating acylcarnitine species as acyl groups are moved into the  mitochondria for β-oxidation. Carnitine and acylcarnitine species have not been  assessed during prolonged energy deficit and following a recovery period in  healthy men undergoing strenuous military training. OBJECTIVE: To determine longitudinal changes in plasma carnitine and  aclycarnitines following a prolonged and severe energy deficit and short-term  recovery. METHODS: This secondary analysis examined plasma carnitine and acylcarnitine  concentrations before (PRE) and after (POST) 61-d U.S. Army Ranger training and  following 2 weeks of recovery (REC).
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: C.L.F.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: FR reports  research grants from Ethicon (Johnson & Johnson), Novo Nordisk and Medtronic;  Speaking honoraria from Medtronic, Ethicon, Novo Nordisk, Eli Lilly, Amgen,  Astra Zeneca. FR is also member of Data and Safety Monitoring Board(DSMB)for GI  Metabolic Solution Inc and President of Metabolic Health Institute  (non-profit).WAB reports: Grants from Johnson and Johnson, Medtronic, GORE,  Applied Medical, Novo Nordisc, NHMRC, Myerton and the Australian Commonwealth  Government.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: This work and its open  access publication were funded by Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Conflicts of  Interest: R.L.F.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Basaksehir Cam and Sakura City Hospital, Istanbul,  Turkey. drburakkocak@gmail.com. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Milan, Italy. (3)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, IRCCS Humanitas  Research Hospital, Milan, Italy. (4)Department of Translational Research, Academic Radiology, University of Pisa,  Pisa, Italy. (5)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Neuroradiology, University  Hospital Basel, Basel, Switzerland. (6)Department of Pediatric Radiology, University Children's Hospital Basel,  Basel, Switzerland. (7)Department of Clinical, Special and Dental Sciences, University Politecnica  delle Marche, Ancona, Italy. (8)Department of Radiology, University Hospital "Azienda Ospedaliero  Universitaria delle Marche", Ancona, Italy. (9)Division of Radiology, Istituto Dermopatico dell'Immacolata, IRCCS, Rome,  Italy. (10)Department of Biomedicine, Neuroscience, and Advanced Diagnostics (Bi.N.D.
ObjectiveThis study aimed to characterize the genetic diversity, structural  variation, and functional role of the cycle inhibiting factor (Cif) in  Burkholderia pseudomallei, with a particular focus on its involvement in  neuronal infections.MethodsWe analyzed the cif gene (bpss1385) from 1294  clinical isolates of B.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: G. Ansari, iCare (R), F. Hoffmann-La  Roche (R); N. Schärer, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (C); K. Pfau,  Daiichi Sankyo (C), Bayer (R), Heidelberg Engineering (R), F. Hoffmann-La Roche  (R); P. Valmaggia, Heidelberg Engineering (R), Bayer (R), Swiss National Science  Foundation (F, Grant 323530_199395), Swiss Academy of Medical Sciences (F, YTCR  43/23), Janggen-Pöhn Foundation (F); C. Gabrani, None; H. Zuche, Bayer (R),  Apellis (R); A. Giani, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (E); M.  Esmaeelpour, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (E); T.C. Yamaguchi,  Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (E); N.
Author information: (1)Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, Clinical Institute of Inflammation  and Immunology, Frontiers Science Center for Disease-related Molecular Network,  West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan, 610041, P. R. China. (2)National Clinical Research Center for Geriatrics, Department of General  Practice, State Key Laboratory of Biotherapy, West China Hospital, Sichuan  University, Chengdu, Sichuan, 610041, P. R. China. (3)Department of Laboratory Medicine, West China Hospital, Sichuan University,  Chengdu, Sichuan, 610041, P. R. China. (4)Advanced Mass Spectrometry Center and Research Core Facility, Frontiers  Science Center for Disease-related Molecular Network, West China Hospital,  Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan, 610213, P. R. China. (5)Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, First Affiliated Hospital of Army  Military Medical University, Chongqing, 400038, P. R. China. (6)Department of Big Data and Biomedical AI, College of Future Technology,  Peking University, Beijing, 100871, P .R. China.
BackgroundWe aimed to elucidate the pathogenesis of allergic rhinitis by  analyzing aberrantly expressed circular RNAs and exploring their diagnostic  value.MethodsBlood samples were collected from allergic rhinitis patients and  healthy controls, and circular RNA microarray was performed.
Conflict of interest statement: E.B.L.
The lateral occipitotemporal cortex (LOTC) is a part of the brain network  thatprocesses human body recognition. It has been implicated in  variousneurodevelopmental conditions, including autism spectrum disorder (ASD).  Intypically developing (TD) individuals, functional magnetic resonance  imaging(fMRI) studies have shown three distinct response patterns to three  categoriesof body parts in the LOTC, namely, action effector body parts,  non-effector bodyparts, and facial parts. It is currently unclear whether the  similar topologicalorganization of the LOTC is observed in individuals with ASD,  and if socialinteraction difficulties in this group may partially result from  differences inbody part recognition in this area. In this fMRI study, adults  with ASD and TDadults viewed photographs of hands, feet, arms, legs, chests,  waists,upper/lower faces, whole bodies, and chairs. Mass univariate analysis  showed nodifferences in the LOTC response to whole-body images (relative to  images ofchairs) in the bilateral LOTC between adults with ASD and TD adults.  Inaddition, there were no group differences in the responses to body  parts.Furthermore, multivariate (representational similarity) analyses revealed  asignificant similar body part representation organized into three  clusters(limbs, torsos, and faces) in the bilateral LOTC between TD adults and  thosewith ASD.
Author information: (1)Functional Neuroimaging Laboratory, Center for Neuroscience and Cognitive  Systems, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rovereto, Italy. (2)Center for Mind and Brain Sciences, University of Trento, Rovereto, Italy. (3)Department of Bioengineering, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA,  United States. (4)Champalimaud Research, Champalimaud Foundation, Lisbon, Portugal. (5)Computational Brain Anatomy Laboratory, Cerebral Imaging Center, Douglas  Mental Health University Institute, Montreal, Canada. (6)Integrated Program in Neuroscience, McGill University, Montreal, Canada. (7)Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, Yale School of Medicine, New  Haven, CT, United States. (8)Istituto di Ricerche Farmacologiche Mario Negri IRCCS, Milano, Italy. (9)Berlin Ultrahigh Field Facility (B.U.F.F.), Max-Delbrück Center for Molecular  Medicine, Helmholtz Association of German Research Centers (HZ), Berlin,  Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: H.L., H.N., and Y.Y. are listed as inventors on  US patent application No.
Multiple studies have demonstrated that transcranial direct current stimulation  (tDCS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) can influence corticospinal excitability  and motor skill acquisition. However, the evidence for these effects is  inconsistent, and a common neural substrate for these effects has not been  directly demonstrated. To address this, we hypothesized that higher tDCS  intensities would produce more robust effects, and uncover their relationship.  In this preregistered study, 120 participants engaged in a motor skill learning  task while receiving tDCS with posterior-to-anterior currents through M1. We  employed a double-blind, between-subjects design, with groups of 4 mA, 6 mA, or  sham stimulation, while ensuring balanced groups in terms of typing speed.  Cortical excitability was assessed via motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) and  TMS-evoked potentials (TEPs) before and after motor skill learning with  concurrent tDCS. tDCS at these higher intensities was well tolerated, and motor  learning correlated with pretraining typing speed.Planned analysesfound no  dose-response effect of tDCS on motor skill performance or MEP amplitude.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing  interests: L.C.P.
Conflict of interest statement: Since June 2022, Dr. A.K. Smith has been  employed by GE HealthCare.
Conflict of interest statement: R.Z. has received personal compensation from  Bristol Myers Squibb, EMD Serono, Sanofi, Mapi Pharma, Sana Biotechnologies, and  Filterlex for speaking and consultant fees.
Conflict of interest statement: F.V.R.
Conflict of interest statement: The Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and  Brain Sciences and Wellcome Centre for Human Neuroimaging have institutional  research agreements with Siemens Healthcare. N.W. holds a patent on acquisition  of MRI data during spoiler gradients (US 10,401,453 B2).
Conflict of interest statement: E.N.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Damien A. Fair is a patent holder on the  Framewise Integrated Real-Time Motion Monitoring (FIRMM) software. He is also a  co-founder of Turing Medical Inc. that licenses this software. The nature of  this financial interest and the design of the study have been reviewed by two  committees at the University of Minnesota. They have put in place a plan to help  ensure that this research study is not affected by the financial interest.  Steven M. Nelson consults for Turing Medical, which commercializes FIRMM. This  interest has been reviewed and managed by the University of Minnesota in  accordance with its Conflict of Interest policies. Nico U.F. Dosenbach is a  co-founder of Turing Medical Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors (Chenyu Gao, Bennett A. Landman, and  Michael E. Kim) declare that they have filed a provisional patent application  (U.S. Patent 63/701,861, System and Method of Brain Age Identification for  Predicting Neuro-Degenerative Disease, filed October 1, 2024) related to the  methods described in this manuscript.
Copyright © 2025 Devi, Mohan, T.C and Panchagnula.
Conflict of interest statement: D.J.V.
No data exist comparing racial differences in bone microstructure or mechanical  competence using HR-pQCT and micro-finite element analysis (μFEA) in elderly  Hispanic, non-Hispanic Black (NHB), and non-Hispanic White (NHW) men. These  modalities were utilized to investigate skeletal health in 255 elderly men  (age ≥ 65) from a population-based study in New York City: 40.0% Caribbean  Hispanic (CH), 35.3% NHW, and 24.7% NHB. Covariate-adjusted (age, BMI, calcium  consumption, smoking, diabetes, liver disease, and HIV) results are shown. We  also explored the effect of socioeconomic (SE) factors. At the distal tibia, CH  men had lower trabecular indices with 9% lower stiffness and failure load (both  p < .05) compared to NHW. CH men had smaller cortical area (Ct.Ar) and lower  thickness (Ct.Th) compared to NHB, with 11% (p < .
BACKGROUND: Proficiency in clinical reasoning is crucial for achieving positive  patient outcomes in healthcare. Nurses should take an active role in fostering  their clinical reasoning skills. Bedside support strategies aim to offer  practical, invaluable, and easily applicable resources for restructuring  cognitive processes in situations of complex clinical demands. OBJECTIVE: This review aimed to map evidence on bedside decision strategies  applied by nurses to support clinical reasoning. METHODS: The review followed the Joanna Briggs Institute recommendations for  scoping reviews. INFORMATION: Sources Studies were retrieved from Medline (PubMed), CINAHL  (EBSCOhost), Web of Science Core Collection, Scopus, Cochrane CENTRAL, RCAAP  (Repositórios Científicos de Acesso Aberto de Portugal), and Google Scholar.  Studies published in Portuguese, English, Spanish, or Swedish, without imposing  geographical or cultural restrictions were considered. Qualitative and  quantitative studies on bedside decision strategies that support nursing  clinical reasoning were included, while studies exclusively focused on  education, case-specific content, or Artificial Intelligence applications were  excluded. RESULTS: Out of 1889 results, 14 studies met the inclusion criteria. The studies  were conducted in countries such as China, New Zealand, Norway, Brazil,  Indonesia, Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom, United States, and Australia,  involving nurses, patients, and healthcare teams, with study designs ranging  from qualitative research and cohort studies to quasi-experimental and  theoretical analyses.These studies identified two key strategies: normative  (following guidelines) and reflective (based on critical self-reflection).
Conflict of interest statement: Marina Emborg reports financial support was  provided by National Institutes of Health. If there are other authors, they  declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal  relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this  paper.Conflicts of Interest The authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no competing interests to  declare.Supplementary material for this article is available with the online  version here:https://doi.
Conflict of interest statement: A.A.-D.
Conflict of interest statement: M.J.O.
Conflict of interest statement: H.R.S.
Author information: (1)Cardiff University Brain Research Imaging Centre (CUBRIC), School of Physics  and Astronomy, Cardiff University, Cardiff, United Kingdom. (2)Cardiff University Brain Research Imaging Centre (CUBRIC), School of  Psychology, Cardiff University, Cardiff, United Kingdom. (3)Department of Neuroscience, Imaging, and Clinical Sciences, University G.  D'Annunzio of Chieti-Pescara, Chieti, Italy. (4)Institute for Advanced Biomedical Technologies (ITAB), University G.  D'Annunzio of Chieti-Pescara, Chieti, Italy. (5)The Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology & Radiological Science, Johns  Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, United States. (6)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Johns Hopkins University School of  Medicine, Baltimore, MD, United States. (7)F.M. Kirby Research Center for Functional Brain Imaging, Kennedy Krieger  Research Institute, Baltimore, MD, United States.
Healthy individuals readily adjust their behavior in response to errors  usinglearning mechanisms. This raises the question of how error-related  neuralmechanisms underlie the learning process and its progress. In this study,  21healthy participants performed a challenging functional magnetic  resonanceimaging (fMRI) task to answer this question. We assessed the evolution  oferror-related neural response as a function of learning progress. We tested  thehypothesis that the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) and anterior  insula,key regions of the error monitoring neural circuitry, reflect both  theperformance of an action and its improvement. Given the nature  oftrial-and-error learning, we also expected an involvement of the  striatum,particularly the putamen. We found that error-related neural activity  (in thedACC and anterior insula) was similar following correct responses and  errors inan initial learning period. However, as learning progressed, the  activitycontinuously decreased in response to correct events and increased after  errors.In opposition, during the initial learning phase, the putamen activity  wasmodulated by errors, but, as it progressed, this region became unaffected  byresponse outcomes.
Conflict of interest statement: H.d.W. is on the Board of Directors of PharmAla  Biotech and consultant to Awakn Life Sciences and Gilgamesh Pharmaceuticals.
Accurate interpretation of quantitative positron emission tomography  (PET)outcomes hinges on understanding the test-retest variability  (T-RT).Previous studies of the tau-PET ligand [18F]MK-6240 reported adequateT-RT  performance of tau burden estimates over a short-term 21-day and over  alonger-term 6-month T-RT period, primarily involving Alzheimer's disease(AD)  and cognitively normal (CN) subjects, respectively.
The predominant technique for quantifying myelin content in the white matter is  multicompartment analysis of MRI's T2relaxation times (mcT2 analysis). The  process of resolving the T2spectrum at each voxel, however, is highly ill-posed  and remarkably susceptible to noise and to inhomogeneities of the transmit field  (B1 + ). To address these challenges, we employ a preprocessing stage wherein a  spatially global data-driven analysis of the tissue is performed to identify a  set of mcT2configurations (motifs) that best describe the tissue under  investigation, followed by using this basis set to analyze the signal in each  voxel. This procedure is complemented by a new algorithm for correcting B1  +inhomogeneities, lending the overall fitting process with improved robustness  and reproducibility. Successful validations are presented using numerical and  physical phantoms vs. ground truth, showcasing superior fitting accuracy and  precision compared with conventional (non-data-driven) fitting.In  vivoapplication of the technique is presented on 26 healthy subjects and 29  people living with multiple sclerosis (MS), revealing substantial reduction in  myelin content within normal-appearing white matter regions of people with MS  (i.
Conflict of interest statement: F.J. has received consulting fees from Eli  Lilly, Novartis, Roche, BioGene, MSD, Piramal, Janssen, and Lundbeck.
Conflict of interest statement: D.A.F.
Conflict of interest statement: O.M.-P.
Neurophotonics. 2025 Jun;12(Suppl 2):S22803. doi: 10.1117/1.NPh.
DOI: 10.1117/1.NPh.
Conflict of interest statement: 8.Conflict of Interest CMH is founder of Care  Performance Insights LLC.
BACKGROUND: An increasing number of studies have shown that gut microbiome-bile  acids interactions play a crucial role in host health and disease. This  bibliometric analysis aims to identify the global scientific output, research  hotspots, and frontiers of gut microbiome-bile acids in the past two decades. METHODS: We searched the relevant studies of gut microbiome-bile acids published  between 2004 and 2024 in the Web of Science Core Collection database. Microsoft  Excel 2019, VOSviewer 1.6.18, Tableau Desktop 2024.2.2, Scimago Graphica 1.0.45,  and CiteSpace 6.2.R3 were used to analyze the publications, countries/regions,  institutions, journals, authors, references, and keywords.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest NOC is co-founder,  shareholder and management consultant for PhenoTherapeutics Ltd. S.S. and A.E.C.
Author information: (1)III Infectious Diseases Unit, ASST Fatebenefratelli Sacco, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences, Università Degli Studi di  Milano, Milan, Italy. (3)Dipartimento di Medicina dell'Università di Udine, U.O. Malattie Infettive,  Università di Udine e Azienda Sanitaria Universitaria Integrata di Udine, Udine,  Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. A.G. received  consultancy fees from ViiV, Gilead, MSD and Janssen.
Sharing a whole-/total-body [18F]FDG-PET/CT dataset with CT-derived  segmentations: an ENHANCE.PET initiative.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts  of interest related to this project. L.K.S.S and T.B. are co-founders of Zenta  GmbH.
Author information: (1)Laboratorio de Malaria: Parasitos y Vectores, Laboratorios de Investigación y  Desarrollo, Facultad de Ciencias e Ingeniería, Universidad Peruana Cayetano  Heredia. (2)Grupo Malaria: Epidemiología Molecular, Unidad de Epidemiología Molecular,  Instituto de Medicina Tropical "Alexander von Humboldt", Universidad Peruana  Cayetano Heredia. (3)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Institute of Tropical Medicine. (4)Department of Parasitology, U.S. Naval Medical Research Unit SOUTH (NAMRU  SOUTH).
INTRODUCTION: The Health and Aging Brain Study-Health Disparities (HABS-HD) is  an ongoing prospective study aimed at understanding brain health and aging. The  current work provides a description of the cohort baseline characteristics and  outlines the study methodology. METHODS: We analyzed available data from n = 1066 non-Hispanic Black (NHB),  n = 1425 Hispanic, and n = 1349 non-Hispanic White (NHW) partners who were  actively enrolled in HABS-HD. Descriptive statistics are presented for each  racial/ethnic group across demographic, medical, and diagnostic characteristics.  Differences in select amyloid (A), tau (T), and neurodegenerative (N) biomarkers  spanning proteomic and neuroimaging were examined along with groupwise  differences for cognitive test performance and select social determinants of  health (SDoH) factors. RESULTS: The characteristics of the cohort revealed significant groupwise  differences in age, education, sex, and cognitive diagnosis. Higher rates of  cognitive impairment (mild cognitive impairment [MCI] and dementia) were found  in NHB and Hispanic compared to NHW partners, despite the latter group being  older. There were also higher rates of hypertension and diabetes among NHB and  Hispanic compared to NHW partners. Differences were also found across many  plasma (A/T[N]) biomarkers and select neuroimaging measures, including  meta-region of interest and white matter hyperintensities. Positron emission  tomography amyloid positivity rates (but not tau positivity) were found to  differ, with higher rates observed among NHW (15% amyloid positivity) compared  to NHB (3%) partners. Groups also differed by select SDoH factors, including  household income, insurance, having a health-care provider, and Area Deprivation  Index. All cognitive measures also revealed groupwise differences. DISCUSSION: The baseline cohort characteristics for HABS-HD reveal significant  group differences spanning demographic, medical, cognitive, and biological  factors (including A/T[N] biomarkers), which are all critical to understand as  they relate to aging and age-related diseases. HIGHLIGHTS: The Health and Aging Brain Study-Health Disparities (HABS-HD) cohort  baseline characteristics and study methodology were provided.Cohort  characteristic differences were found across demographic factors, including age,  education, sex, and cognitive diagnosis across the representative  groups.Biomarkers for amyloid/tau/neurodegeneration spanning blood and  neuroimaging were shown to differ as well across cohort groups.Positivity rates  for amyloid positron emission tomography were lower for non-Hispanic Black  partners in the cohort compared to non-Hispanic White partners.
Conflict of interest statement: R.R. has served on the scientific advisory board  for DiamiR Bio.
Author information: (1)Department of Training and Movement Science, Institute of Sport Science,  Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, Mainz, Germany. (2)High Institute of Sport and Physical Education of Sfax, University of Sfax,  Sfax, Tunisia. (3)Research Laboratory, Molecular Bases of Human Pathology, LR19ES13, Faculty of  Medicine of Sfax, University of Sfax, Sfax, Tunisia. (4)Department of Movement Sciences and Sports Training, School of Sport Science,  The University of Jordan, Amman, Jordan. (5)Research Laboratory Education, Motricity, Sport and Health, EM2S, LR19JS01,  High Institute of Sport and Physical Education of Sfax, University of Sfax,  Sfax, Tunisia. (6)Multimedia InfoRmation systems and Advanced Computing Laboratory (MIRACL),  University of Sfax, Sfax, Tunisia. (7)Higher Institute of Computer Science and Multimedia of Sfax (ISIMS),  University of Sfax, Sfax, Tunisia. (8)Faculty of Sports Sciences, Department of Experimental Sports Nutrition,  Leipzig University, Leipzig, Germany. (9)Department of Sports Economics, Sociology and History, Institute of Sport  Science, Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, Mainz, Germany. (10)Department of Nutrition and Food Technology, School of Agriculture, The  University of Jordan, Amman, Jordan. (11)Faculty of Sports Sciences, Istanbul Aydın University, Istanbul, Türkiye. (12)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, University of  Catania, Catania, Italy. (13)Faculty of Sport Sciences, Assiut University, Assiut, Egypt. (14)ESLSCA University Egypt, Giza, Egypt. (15)Interdisciplinary Laboratory in Neurosciences, Physiology and Psychology  Physical Activity, Health and Learning (LINP2), UFR STAPS, Paris Nanterre  University, Nanterre, France. (16)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Jozef Pilsudski University of Physical  Education in Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. (17)Department BioEngineering, Institut Universitaire de Technologie  IUT-Dijon-Auexrre-Nevers, University Burgundy Europe, Dijon, France. (18)Joint Research Unit UMR PAM-PCAV (Physical-Chemistry of Food and Wine  Laboratory), Université Bourgogne Europe/Institut AgroDijon/INRAE, Dijon,  France. (19)Vitagora Innovation Cluster, Dijon, France. (20)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Food Science,  Toxicology and Forensic Medicine, Faculty of Pharmacy & Food Sciences,  University of Valencia, Valencia, Spain. (21)Department of Agricultural Food and Forest Sciences, University of Palermo,  Palermo, Italy. (22)Laboratory of Marine Biochemistry and Ecotoxicology, Department of Earth and  Marine Sciences DiSTeM, University of Palermo, Trapani, Italy. (23)Microtarians Academy, Luxembourg, Luxembourg. (24)Laboratory of Food and Food By-Products Chemistry and Processing Technology,  National School of Agriculture in Meknès, Meknès, Morocco. (25)Laboratory of Social Medicine, Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy of Rabat,  Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Mohammed V University, Rabat,  Morocco. (26)UPR of Pharmacognosy, Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy of Rabat, Mohammed V  University, Rabat, Morocco. (27)VALCORE Laboratory, Faculty of Science, Department of Biology, University of  M'hamed Bougara Boumerdes, Boumerdes, Algeria. (28)Biotechnology Research Center (C.R.Bt), Constantine, Algeria.
Conflict of interest statement: K.S. is a member of the advisory boards for  Andson Biotech and Bharat Biotech.
Conflict of interest statement: None declared. The corresponding author M.W. as  an Editorial Board Member of Precision Clinical Medicine was blinded from  reviewing and making decisions on this manuscript.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing  interests: Joost P.G. Sluijter reports that financial support was provided by  Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development, Dutch Research  Council, and European Research Council.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no relevant disclosures. Full  disclosure form information provided by the authors is available with the full  text of this article at Neurology.org/cp.TAKE-HOME POINTS→ Neuro-irritability is  a significant concern in children with severe neurologic impairment (SNI),  substantially contributing to the symptom burden and affecting the quality of  life of patients and caregivers.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Medicine, National Taiwan  University, Taipei 100, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Int J Nanomedicine. 2025 Aug 8;20:9787-9806. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S518050.
Conflict of interest statement: E.M.J.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Clinical Biophotonics, Institute for Regenerative Medicine,  I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University, Moscow, 119048, Russia.
BACKGROUND: Chinese martial arts (Wushu), representing both competitive sports  and cultural heritage, have gained global recognition for their health-promoting  benefits. However, a systematic scientometric overview of global Wushu research  is still lacking. OBJECTIVE: This study systematically examines global research trends, thematic  hotspots, collaboration networks, and scientific impacts of Chinese martial arts  from 1974 to 2025.Materials and Methods: This study systematically retrieved  English-language articles and reviews from the Web of Science Core Collection  (SCI-Expanded and SSCI) published between January 1974 and March 2025, using  topic-related terms such as "Wushu," "Chinese Martial Arts," "Kung Fu,"  "Taijiquan," and "Tai Chi.
Author information: (1)Cognitive Neuroscience Center (CNC), Universidad de San Andrés, Ciudad  Autónoma de Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, 1644, Argentina. (2)Consejo Nacional de Investigaciones Científicas y Técnicas (CONICET), Ciudad  Autónoma de Buenos Aires, C1033AAJ, Argentina. (3)Latin American Brain Health Institute (BrainLat), Universidad Adolfo Ibañez,  Metropolitan Region of Santiago, Santiago de Chile, 7910075, Chile. (4)Global Brain Health Institute (GBHI), Trinity College Dublin, Dublin,  Dublin2, Ireland. (5)Universidad de los Andes, Bogotá, 111711, D.C, Colombia.
Author information: (1)Department of Parasitology, Noguchi Memorial Institute for Medical Research,  University of Ghana, P.O. Box LG 581, Legon-Accra, Ghana.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.N. and S.S.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Y. Lu, Z.J.W.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.J. reports consultancy  for Kite/Gilead, BMS/Celgene, Novartis, Instil Bio, ImmPACT Bio, Caribou Bio,  Miltenyi, Ipsen, ADC Therapeutics, Abbvie, AstraZeneca, Morphosys, Synthekine,  and Sana, and research funding from Kite/Gilead and Pfizer.
Author information: (1)Cardiovascular Research Institute, University of California, San Francisco,  San Francisco, CA, 94158, USA. (2)Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, 94158, USA. (3)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, 94143, USA. (4)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Center for Biomolecular Condensates,  James McKelvey School of Engineering, Washington University in St. Louis, St.  Louis, MO, 63130, USA. (5)Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of California, San  Francisco, San Francisco, CA, 94158, USA. Bo.Huang@ucsf.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.d.l.F.-N.
Author information: (1)Center for Developmental Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Seattle  Children's Research Institute, Seattle, WA, USA. (2)ARTORG Center for Biomedical Engineering Research, University of Bern, Bern,  Switzerland. (3)The Allen Institute for Brain Science, Seattle, WA, USA. (4)Department of Anesthesiology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus,  Aurora, CO, USA. (5)Department of Neuroscience and Experimental Therapeutics, The Pennsylvania  State University, Hershey, PA, USA. (6)Center for Neural Engineering, The Pennsylvania State University, Hershey,  PA, USA. (7)Center for Developmental Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Seattle  Children's Research Institute, Seattle, WA, USA. Andy.Shih@SeattleChildrens.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: Shu-Yu Wu is  a member of the editorial team, but he was not involved in the review process of  this article.All other authors have no competing interest.
Author information: (1)Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences & Engineering (CEMSE)  Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, 4700 KAUST,  Thuwal, Saudi Arabia. (2)KAUST Center of Excellence for Smart Health (KCSH), King Abdullah University  of Science and Technology, 4700 KAUST, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia. (3)KAUST Center of Excellence for Generative AI, King Abdullah University of  Science and Technology, 4700 KAUST, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia. (4)SDAIA-KAUST Center of Excellence in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence,  King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, 4700 KAUST, Thuwal, Saudi  Arabia. (5)Genome Medical Science Project, National Institute of Global Health and  Medicine, Japan Institute for Health Security, Tokyo, 162-8655, Japan. (6)Biological and Environmental Sciences & Engineering (BESE) Division, King  Abdullah University of Science and Technology, 4700 KAUST, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia. (7)Genomics and Precision Medicine Department, King Fahad Medical City, Riyadh,  Saudi Arabia. (8)Division of Biomedical Information Analysis, Medical Research Center for High  Depth Omics, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Fukuoka,  812-0054, Japan. (9)Center for Genomic Medicine, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University,  Kyoto, 606-8507, Japan. (10)Division of Transcriptomics, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu  University, Fukuoka, 812-0054, Japan. (11)Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of  Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba, 277-8561, Japan. (12)Database Center for Life Science, Joint Support-Center for Data Science  Research, Research Organization of Information and Systems, Chiba, 277-0871,  Japan. (13)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Tufts Medical Center and  Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, MA, 02111, USA.  Malak.Althgafi@tuftsmedicalcenter.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest Annalisa Berzigotti is a  consultant for Boehringer-Ingelheim and has received speakers’ fee from GE  Healthcare and Hologic. David T. Fetzer has served on the advisor board for  Bracco Diagnostics, GE HealthCare and Philips Healthcare, has lectured for  Siemens Healthineers, and has active research agreements with GE HealthCare,  Philips Healthcare, and Siemens Healthineers. Flemming Forsberg receives  equipment loan and/or grant support from The Butterfly Network, Canon Medical  Systems USA, GE HealthCare, and Siemens Healthineers, is a contrast agent from  Bracco Diagnostics, GE HealthCare and Lantheus Medical Imaging, and is a  consultant/lecturer for Exact Therapeutics AS, GE HealthCare, Lantheus Medical  Imaging, Longeviti, and SonoThera. Paul S. Sidhu receives lecture fees from  Bracco SpA Milan; GE Healthcare, Samsung, and Philips, consults and receives  lecture fees from Itreas Inc, and is Editor-in-Chief of Ultrasound in Medicine  and Biology and Associate Editor of Radiology. Corinne E. Wessner consults for  Bracco Diagnostics USA and SonoSim, is on the speakers’ bureau for Canon Medical  Systems and receives royalties from Elsevier.Andrej Lyshchik consults, advises,  serves on the speakers’ bureau, and received grants from GE Healthcare, consults  and received grants from Bracco Diagnostic, and receives royalties from  Elsevier.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest H.C. is the  National Focused Ultrasound in Intensive Care (FUSIC) Heart Lead for the UK.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacy, School of Health Sciences, University of Zambia, P.O.  Box 50110, Lusaka, Zambia.
Bone Jt Open. 2025 Aug 13;6(8):933-943. doi:  10.1302/2633-1462.68.BJO-2025-0080.R1.
DOI: 10.1302/2633-1462.68.BJO-2025-0080.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: H.Y., Y.Z., and Y.W. are inventors of patent  applications submitted by ECNU that cover REDMAPCre.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests The following authors  have conflicts of interest to declare: K.J.I.
Participatory research is increasingly being promoted in rehabilitation  sciences. It is now recommended that this type of research be consistently  considered in funding applications for rehabilitation research. However, the  structural paradoxes and other challenges associated with participatory research  are still neglected. There is also a lack of systematic evaluations of whether  and to what extent participatory research fulfills the epistemological and  democratic expectations associated with it. Against this background, the  implementation of a participatory research style in a research project will be  presented and how participatory research can contribute to more meaningful  findings and empowerment will be critically reflected upon and contextualized.In  the ANSAB research project, a participatory research style in the sense of  advisory participation was implemented and vocational rehabilitants were  involved in the project advisory board.
Publisher: Auch in den Rehabilitationswissenschaften wird zunehmend für  partizipative Forschung plädiert. So wird inzwischen empfohlen diesen  Forschungsstil auch konsequent in Förderanträgen zur Rehabilitationsforschung zu  berücksichtigen. Dabei werden die strukturell in partizipative Forschung  eingelassenen Paradoxien und weitere Herausforderungen aber noch vernachlässigt.  Ebenso fehlen systematische Evaluationen dazu, ob und in wie weit partizipative  Forschung die erkenntnis- und demokratietheoretisch begründeten Erwartungen, die  an diesen Forschungsstil geknüpft werden, einlöst. Vor diesem Hintergrund soll  die Umsetzung eines partizipativen Forschungsstils in einem Forschungsprojekt  vorgestellt sowie kritisch reflektiert und eingeordnet werden, welchen Beitrag  partizipative Forschung zu aussagekräftigeren Erkenntnissen und zur Befähigung  leisten kann.Im Forschungsprojekt ANSAB wurde ein partizipativer Forschungsstils  im Sinne einer beratenden Beteiligung umgesetzt und berufliche  Rehabilitand*innen im Projektbeirat beteiligt.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests K.Y., Y.G., F.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.C.K.
Author information: (1)Department of Supportive Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and  Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, United  States. (2)Sexual Medicine, Flare-Health, 1432BE Aalsmeer, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (3)Gray Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv,  Israel. (4)Ishi Clinic, Tel-Aviv 6806305, Israel. (5)Asociación Mexicana para la Salud Sexual A.C. (AMSSAC), Universidad Nacional  Autónoma de México Mexico City, 14000  Mexico.
Author information: (1)Department of Population Health Sciences, Weill Cornell Medicine, NY, USA;  Department of Surgery, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, USA. (2)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at  Austin, Austin, USA. (3)Department of Population Health Sciences, Weill Cornell Medicine, NY, USA. (4)Department of Radiology, Mayo Clinic, Phoenix, USA. (5)Cooperative Medianet Innovation Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University,  Shanghai, China. (6)Cooperative Medianet Innovation Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University,  Shanghai, China; Shanghai AI Laboratory, Shanghai, China. (7)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, USA. (8)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, USA;  Department of Radiology & Biomedical Imaging, Yale University, New Haven, USA. (9)Center for Innovation in Data Engineering and Science, Department of Computer  and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, USA. (10)School of Electrical, Computer and Energy Engineering, Arizona State  University, Tempe, USA. (11)Department of Radiology, The University of Tokyo Hospital, Tokyo, Japan. (12)School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, USA. (13)Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, Chile; Millennium  Institute for Intelligent Healthcare Engineering (iHEALTH), National Center for  Artificial Intelligence (CENIA), Santiago, Chile. (14)School of Informatics, Xiamen University, Xiamen, China. (15)Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea. (16)Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, Chile. (17)Center for Innovation in Data Engineering and Science, Departments of  Electrical and Systems Engineering & Radiology, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, USA. (18)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Center for Biotechnology and  Interdisciplinary Studies, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY, USA. (19)Institute of High Performance Computing, A*STAR, Singapore. (20)Laboratory for Computational Physiology, Massachusetts Institute of  Technology, Cambridge, USA; Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and Sleep  Medicine, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, USA; Department of  Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, USA.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: R.M.S has received royalties for  patent or software licenses from iCAD, Philips, PingAn, ScanMed, Translation  Holdings, and MGB, as well as research support from a CRADA with PingAn.
Author information: (1)Department of Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, United States. (2)Department of Quantitative Health Sciences, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN,  United States. (3)Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN,  United States. (4)Department of Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, United States. (5)Division of Hematology, Oncology, and Transplantation, University of  Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, United States. (6)Department of Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, United States. (7)Department of Hematology/Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, United  States. (8)Department of Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, United States. (9)Department of Otolaryngology, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN,  United States. (10)Department of Otolaryngology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, United States. (11)Department of Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, United States.  Electronic address: Block.Matthew@mayo.
Author information: (1)VITO Health, Flemish Institute for Technological Research (VITO), 2400 Mol,  Belgium. Electronic address: eva.govarts@vito.be. (2)VITO Health, Flemish Institute for Technological Research (VITO), 2400 Mol,  Belgium. (3)Division of Environmental Epidemiology, Institute for Risk Assessment  Sciences, Utrecht University, 3508 TD Utrecht, the Netherlands. (4)Risk Assessment Department, Method and Surveys Unit, French Agency for Food,  Environmental and Occupational Health & Safety (ANSES), 94700 Maisons-Alfort  Cedex, France. (5)Toxicological Center, University of Antwerp, 2610 Wilrijk, Belgium. (6)Provincial Institute of Hygiene (PIH), 2000 Antwerp, Belgium; Family Medicine  and Population Health, University of Antwerp, 2610 Wilrijk, Belgium. (7)Department of Public Health and Primary Care, Ghent University, 9000 Ghent,  Belgium. (8)Center for Environmental Sciences, Hasselt University, 3590 Diepenbeek,  Belgium. (9)Archaeology, Environmental Changes and Geo-Chemistry (AMGC), Vrije  Universiteit Brussel (VUB), 1050 Brussels, Belgium. (10)Algemeen Medisch Laboratorium (A.M.L.
Author information: (1)Cognition and Brain Plasticity Unit, Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain; Department of Cognition,  Development and Educational Psychology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona,  Spain; Institute of Neurosciences, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain;  Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats, Barcelona, Spain.Research  Group on, Spain; Aix-Marseille University, Iméra, Marseille, F-13000, France.
Author information: (1)Jazan University, College of Science, Department of Physical Sciences,  Physics Division, P.O. Box 114, 45142, Jazan, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: The authors have no  conflict of interest to declare in relation to this manuscript. M.W.O’.R. is on  the editorial board of EJE.
BACKGROUND: In recent years, the concept of adaptive interventions (AIs) has  attracted the attention of researchers in the medical field. Our study aimed to  visualize the publications to determine the hotspots and frontiers in research  on AIs and provide guidance and reference for further study. METHODS: We searched the Web of Science Core Collection up to December 2024, and  only articles and review articles about AIs were included. The countries of  origin, authors, co-citation references, hotspots, and frontier were analyzed by  VOSviewer V.1.6.20, CiteSpace V.5.7.R5, and Scimago Graphica.
Author information: (1)UT Health Houston, Department of Emergency Medicine, Houston, Texas. (2)NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, Department of Emergency Medicine, New York,  New York. (3)Weill Cornell Medicine, Samuel J. Wood Library & C.V. Starr Biomedical  Information Center, New York, New York.
Information generated from longitudinally sampled microbial data has the  potential to illuminate important aspects of development and progression for  many human conditions and diseases. Identifying microbial biomarkers and their  time-varying effects can not only advance our understanding of pathogenetic  mechanisms, but also facilitate early diagnosis and guide optimal timing of  interventions. However, longitudinal predictive modeling of highly noisy and  dynamic microbial data (e.g. metagenomics) poses analytical challenges.To  overcome these challenges, we introduce a robust and interpretable  machine-learning-based longitudinal microbiome analysis framework, LP-Micro,  that encompasses (i) longitudinal microbial feature screening via a polynomial  group lasso, (ii) disease outcome prediction implemented via machine learning  methods (e.
Author information: (1)Department of Molecular Medicine, Peter Gilgan Centre for Research and  Learning, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. (2)Departamento de Estructura de Macromoléculas, Centro Nacional de  Biotecnología, CSIC, Cantoblanco, Madrid, Spain. (3)Artis Analytica Scientia S.L., Madrid, Spain.
Author information: (1)Division of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine, Emory University  School of Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (2)Division of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine, University of  California, San Francisco, San Francisco, California, USA. (3)National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of  Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA. (4)Division of Anti-Infectives, Office of Infectious Diseases, Office of New  Drugs, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, United States Food and Drug  Administration, Silver Spring, Maryland, USA. (5)Division of Biometrics IV, Office of Biostatistics, Office of Translational  Sciences, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, United States Food and Drug  Administration, Silver Spring, Maryland, USA. (6)Department of Medicine, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, North  Carolina, USA. (7)Patient Advocates in Research (PAIR), Danville, California, USA. (8)Division of Infectious Disease, Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins  University School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. (9)Duke Clinical Research Institute, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham,  North Carolina, USA. (10)Division of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine, Duke University  School of Medicine, Durham, North Carolina, USA. (11)Biostatistics Center and Department of Biostatics and Bioinformatics, Milken  Institute School of Public Health, The George Washington University, Washington,  D.C., USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Decalarations. Conflict of interest: Dr.  Nasiraei Moghaddam is the inventor of a U.S. patent (US9835708B2) that includes  core concepts related to the reconstruction method described in this study.
Background The 2023 RSNA Screening Mammography Breast Cancer Detection AI  Challenge invited participants to develop artificial intelligence (AI) models  capable of independently interpreting mammograms. Purpose To assess the  performance of the submitted algorithms, explore the potential for improving  performance by combining the best-performing AI algorithms, and investigate how  performance was influenced by the demographic and clinical characteristics of  the evaluation cohort. Materials and Methods A total of 1687 AI algorithms were  submitted from November 2022 to February 2023. Of these, 1537 algorithms were  assessed using an evaluation dataset from two sites-one in the United States and  one in Australia. Cancer cases were identified at screening and confirmed with  pathologic examination; noncancer cases were followed up for at least 1 year.  Results for ensemble models of top algorithms were computed by recalling a case  when any of the included algorithms indicated recall. Odds ratios (ORs) were  used to investigate differences in AI performance when the dataset was  stratified by clinical or demographic characteristics. Results The evaluation  dataset consisted of 5415 women (median age, 59 years [IQR, 52-66 years]). Among  the 1537 AI algorithms, the median recall rate, sensitivity, specificity, and  positive predictive value (PPV) were 1.7%, 27.6%, 98.7%, and 36.9%,  respectively. For the top-ranked algorithm, the recall rate, sensitivity,  specificity, and PPV were 1.5%, 48.6%, 99.5%, and 64.6%, respectively. Ensemble  models of the top 3 and top 10 algorithms had a sensitivity of 60.7% and 67.8%,  respectively; the corresponding recall rates were 2.4% and 3.5%, and the  corresponding specificities were 98.8% and 97.8%. Lower sensitivity was observed  for the U.S. dataset than for the Australian dataset (top 3 ensemble model:  52.
BACKGROUND: IHF is a major chronic disease that seriously threatens human  health. Qi deficiency and blood stasis syndrome (QDBS), Yang deficiency with  blood stasis syndrome (YDBS) and Yang deficiency and blood stasis with fluid  retention syndrome (YDBSFR) are the basic syndromes of IHF in Chinese medicine.  This study aims to explore the biological basis of the three IHF syndromes  through integrated multi-omics research. METHODS: We analyzed and integrated transcriptomic, proteomic, and targeted  metabolomic data from IHF patients and healthy persons to obtain the key  biomarkers and enriched pathways of QDBS, YDBS and YDBSFR(Registration No.:  ChiCTR2200058314). These biomarkers were combined with clinical indicators to  construct the "Disease-Syndromes-Clinical phenotypes-Biomarkers-Pathways"  network, and the obtained differential genes and proteins were externally  validated. RESULTS: The potential biomarkers for QDBS included SDHD, IL10, ACTG1, VWF,  MDH2, COX5A, Valeric acid, Succinic Acid and L-Histidine, which were  predominantly enriched in TCA cycle, oxidative phosphorylation, platelet  activation, and neutrophil extracellular trap formation pathways, demonstrating  associations with energy metabolism, coagulation system, and immune-inflammatory  responses.YDBS potential biomarkers included TSHR, PRKG1, ATP1A2, GNAI2, APOA2,  PLTP, 3-Hydroxybutyrate, Hexadecanoic acid and Palmitelaidic acid, and the  combined pathways were mainly enriched in thyroid hormone synthesis, regulation  of lipolysis in adipocytes, cholesterol metabolism and PPAR signaling pathways,  correlating with hormonal regulation and lipid metabolism.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing  interests: C.C., B.E.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Non-communicable Disease Epidemiology, Faculty of Epidemiology  and Population Health, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, London,  WC1E 7HT, UK. (2)Department of Radiology, Kasturba Medical College Mangalore, Manipal Academy  of Higher Education, Karnataka, 576 104, India. (3)NMC Specialty Hospital, Al Ain, P.O. Box: 84142, Abu Dhabi, United Arab  Emirates.
Author information: (1)Otolaryngology Research Center, Department of Otolaryngology, Shiraz  University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz, Iran. (2)Otorhinolaryngologist and Head and Neck Surgeon, Private Practice, Shiraz,  Iran. (3)Otorhinolaryngology Research Center, Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck  Surgery Department, Imam Khomeni Hospital Complex, Tehran University of Medical  Sciences, Tehran, Iran. (4)Laparoscopy Research Center, Shiraz University of medical Science, Shiraz,  Iran. (5)Department of Pathology, School of Medicine, Shiraz University of Medical  Sciences, Shiraz, Iran . (6)Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Research Center of Iran (CCERCI), P.O. Box  14335-186, Tehran, Iran.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: G.S. has served as a  consultant or scientific advisory board member to Axsome Therapeutics, Biogen,  Biohaven Pharmaceuticals, Boehringer Ingelheim International, Bristol-Myers  Squibb, Clexio, Cowen, Denovo Biopharma, ECR1, EMA Wellness, Engrail  Therapeutics, Gilgamesh, Janssen, Levo, Lundbeck, Merck, Navitor  Pharmaceuticals, Neurocrine, Novartis, Noven Pharmaceuticals, Perception  Neuroscience, Praxis Therapeutics, Sage Pharmaceuticals, Seelos Pharmaceuticals,  Vistagen Therapeutics and XW Labs; and received research contracts from Johnson  & Johnson (Janssen), Merck and Usona.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests D.A.H.
Author information: (1)The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON,  Canada. (2)Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, The Hospital for Sick Children,  Toronto, ON, Canada. (3)Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Graduate Program, University of California  San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA. (4)Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA,  USA. (5)Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Sainte-Justine Research Center, Montreal,  QC, Canada. (6)Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University  Medical Center, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. (7)Department of Human Genetics, Radboud University Medical Center, Nijmegen,  The Netherlands. (8)Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, Center of Excellence for Stress  and Mental Health, San Diego, CA, USA. (9)Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, Research Service, San Diego,  CA, USA. (10)CHU Sainte-Justine Azrieli Research Center, Université de Montréal,  Montreal, QC, Canada. (11)Institute of Medical Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada. (12)Tahoe Therapeutics (formerly Vevo), South San Francisco, CA, USA. (13)Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON,  Canada. (14)Molecular Medicine Program, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON,  Canada. (15)KG Jebsen Centre for Neurodevelopmental disorders, University of Oslo, Oslo,  Norway. (16)Centre for Precision Psychiatry, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway. (17)Department of Medical Genetics, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway. (18)Centre for Clinical Brain Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (19)Department of Clinical Science, Umeå University, Umeå, Sweden. (20)Institute of Clinical Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway. (21)Centre for Psychiatry Research, Department of Clinical Neuroscience,  Karolinska Institutet & Stockholm Health Care Services, Stockholm Region,  Stockholm, Sweden. (22)Department of Psychiatric Research, Diakonhjemmet Hospital, Oslo, Norway. (23)Department of Epidemiology, Columbia University, Robert N Butler Columbia  Aging Center, New York, NY, US. (24)National Institute of Mental Health, Klecany, Czech Republic. (25)Department of Psychiatry, Dalhousie University, Halifax, NS, Canada. (26)Division of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (27)Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Institute for Psychiatric and Behavioral  Genetics, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA. (28)Department of Neurology, Klinikum rechts der Isar, School of Medicine,  Technical University of Munich, Munich, Germany. (29)Division of Mental Health and Addiction, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo,  Norway. (30)Biomedical Network Research Centre on Mental Health (CIBERSAM), Madrid,  Spain. (31)Department of Mental Health, Hospital Universitari Vall d'Hebron, Barcelona,  Spain. (32)Department of Genetics, Microbiology, and Statistics, Faculty of Biology,  Universitat de Barcelona (UB), Barcelona, Spain. (33)Psychiatric Genetics Unit, Group of Psychiatry, Mental Health and Addiction,  Vall d'Hebron Research Institute (VHIR), Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona,  Barcelona, Spain. (34)Boston Children's Hospital, Division of Adolescent and Young Adult Medicine,  Boston, MA, USA. (35)Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (36)Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Harvard T.H. Chan School of  Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests S.W.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests T.B. served in an advisory  or consultancy role for AGB pharma, eye level, Infectopharm, Medice, Neurim  Pharmaceuticals, Oberberg GmbH and Takeda.
Conflict of interest statement: DECLARATION OF INTERESTS D.P.B.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no relevant conflicts of  interest related to this study. E.S.A.
Conflict of interest statement: M.M. holds equity in Bayer, Delve Bio, Isabl,  and Karyoverse; consults for Delve Bio; receives research funding from Bayer;  and receives patent licensing payments from Bayer and Labcorp.
Author information: (1)Department of Physiology and Medical Physics & RCSI Centre for Systems  Medicine, RCSI University of Medicine and Health Sciences, 123 St Stephen's  Green, Dublin 2, Ireland. (2)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA, 24061,  U.S.A.
BackgroundArtificial intelligence (AI) has experienced rapid advancements  leading to numerous applications in foot and ankle surgery. This study aimed to  assess the current status, research trends, and future directions of AI in foot  and ankle surgery and to identify emerging hotspots in this  field.MethodsRelevant publications on AI in foot and ankle surgery were  retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database up to December 31,  2024.
Author information: (1)School of Chemical and Environmental Engineering, Hanshan Normal University,  Chaozhou, Guangdong, 521041, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: L.W. was employed at Metro North Mental Health  where the study was conducted.
BACKGROUND: Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a complex clinical syndrome  characterized by cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction. Research on the  underlying mechanism of mitochondrial dysfunction and the involved genes in  patients with DCM is limited. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to explore the hub genes and pathways related to  mitochondrial dysfunction that affect the progression of DCM. METHODS: DCM patient datasets (GSE161052, GSE210611 (test sets) and GSE26887  (validation set) were downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO)  database. The identification of the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) was  performed using the "limma" R package. Mitochondrial dysfunction-related genes  (MDRGs) associated with DCM were obtained from the Molecular Signatures Database  (MSigDB). Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG)  pathway analyses were carried out to analyse the biological function of  mitochondrial dysfunction-related differentially expressed genes (MDRDEGs) via  the "ClusterProfiler", "DOSE", "org.Hs.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Ethical approval for BEHP was obtained from the Ethics Committees  at the Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute of Tehran University of  Medical Sciences and Bushehr University of Medical Sciences, with the ethical  codes IR.TUMS.EMRI.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.R. is a consultant for  Simula Research Laboratories in Oslo, Norway, and receives income.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflicts of interest: P.J.F.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopedic Oncology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao  University, Qingdao, 266000, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Science, College of Life Sciences and Agriculture, University of  New Hampshire, Rudman Hall, 46 College Road G05, Durham, NH, 03824, USA. (2)Health Management and Policy, College of Health and Human Services,  University of New Hampshire, Hewitt Hall, 4 Library Way 321, Durham, NH, 03824,  USA. Esmaeil.Bahalkeh@unh.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: All authors (except C.B.C.
Author information: (1)School of Physics and Astronomy, Monash University, 3800, Clayton, VIC,  Australia. jannis.ahlers@monash.edu. (2)School of Physics and Astronomy, Monash University, 3800, Clayton, VIC,  Australia. (3)Elettra-Sincrotrone Trieste S.C.p.A., Trieste, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: N.F. has received honoraria  and speaker fees from UCB and Viatris, and travel bursaries from Eli Lilly and  Pfizer.
Author information: (1)Department of Epileptology, University Hospital Bonn, Bonn, Germany.  Tim.Guth@ukbonn.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.J.H.
Antimicrobial drug resistance from improper use of antibiotics in broiler  chicken production is a growing hazard for humans worldwide. A feasibility study  was conducted to evaluate growth, immunity and carcass traits of commercial  broiler chickens fed water-distributed biosurfactants, from gastrointestinal  tract derived Escherichia coli related microbe, as regular feed additives.  Ninety-nine Cobb500 broiler chickens, housed in a curtained open-sided pen  utilizing a deep litter system, were randomly allocated to three dietary  treatments (biosurfactant based, negative -no drug added and positive control  -with antibiotic drug plus NCD vaccination done), replicated thrice (11 broiler  chickens per replicate). Diets were formulated from roasted soybeans and maize  using trial-and-error iteration software developed by Mpofu I.D.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval: The broiler  chickens were taken care of in accordance with the established regulations in  “The governance of animal care and use for scientific purposes in Africa and the  Middle East” (Mohr et al. 2016). Broiler chickens were kept under similar  conditions to those under which commercial farm broiler chickens are kept as per  directive no. 2010/63/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (The  European Parliament and the Council of the European Union 2010). All applicable  international, national, and/or institutional guidelines for the care and use of  animals were followed by the authors. Use of broiler chickens was approved by  the institution, Chinhoyi University of Technology. Consent for publication: The  manuscript does not contain clinical studies or patient data. Statement of  animal rights: The care and use of the broiler chickens conformed to the  guidelines for animal experimentation of the National Animal Research Ethics  Committee (NAREC) 18 A Borrowdale Road P.O. Box CY 551 Causeway Harare Zimbabwe  for biomedical research involving the birds.
Author information: (1)Diabetes Center, Institute for Clinical and Experimental Medicine, Prague,  Czech Republic. (2)First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic. (3)Second Faculty of Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic. (4)Centre for Musculoskeletal Research, Division of Musculoskeletal and  Dermatological Science, School of Biological Sciences, Faculty of Biological  Medicine and Health, The University of Manchester, Manchester Academic Health  Science Centre, Manchester, UK. (5)Department of Rheumatology, Northern Care Alliance NHS Foundation Trust,  Salford Care Organisation, Salford, UK. (6)NIHR Manchester Biomedical Research Centre, Manchester University NHS  Foundation Trust, Manchester, UK. (7)Diabetes Center, Tameside and Glossop Integrated Care NHS Foundation Trust,  Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, UK. Edward.Jude@tgh.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: Supported by the National  Institute for Research on Metabolic and Cardiovascular Diseases (Programme  EXCELES, Project No. LX22NPO5104), funded by the European Union Next-Generation  EU and by the Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic NW24-09-00184. Conflict  of interest: None of the authors (Dubský M, Bém R, Sojáková, Fejfarová V, Hughes  M, Jude EB) have any conflicts to report. Ethics approval: Not applicable.  Consent (participation and publication): Not applicable. Data availability  statement: Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were  generated or analysed during the current study. Code availability: Not  applicable. Author contributions: M.D. wrote the manuscript, R.B. wrote  pathogenesis and pharmacotherapy and carried out visualization; D.S. carried out  visualization and edited the manuscript; V.F. wrote offloading, edited the  manuscript; M.H. edited the manuscript; E.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  Milan, Italy. (2)IRCCS Galeazzi S.Ambrogio Hospital, Milan, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethical approval: This study as well as cell  line authentication and mycoplasma testing is done according to the protocol  approved by the Biomedical Research Ethical Committee of Tabriz University of  Medical Sciences, Tabriz, Iran. (IR.TBZMED.VCR.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: V.B.K.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025. Publicado por Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published  by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cardiac arrhythmias significantly contribute to mortality in Duchenne muscular  dystrophy (DMD), a severe muscle disease caused by dystrophin deficiency. Using  the mdx mouse model for human DMD, we previously showed that the lack of  dystrophin induces a significant loss of peak sodium current (INa) in  ventricular cardiomyocytes. This provided a mechanistic explanation for  ventricular conduction defects and concomitant arrhythmias in the dystrophic  heart. The extracellular matrix protein tenascin C (TN-C), a major remodeling  factor in the diseased heart, is strongly upregulated in DMD. The consequences  of TN-C upregulation in the dystrophic heart, however, are unknown. Here, we  tested if TN-C induces electrical remodeling in the dystrophic heart, and if  inhibition of TN-C rescues peak INa loss in dystrophin-deficient ventricular  cardiomyocytes. We found that cardiomyocytes from TN-C knockout (KO) mice had  increased peak INa. The abnormally reduced peak INa in mdx myocytes was rescued  to wild-type levels by additional TN-C KO, which was accompanied by enhanced  Nav1.5 channel expression. Further, peak INa in mdx myocytes was increased by  treatment of mdx mice with TN-C siRNA. Twenty-four-hour incubation of wild-type  myocytes with human recombinant TN-C reduced their peak INa, an effect which  could be abolished by blocking antibodies specific for the α-7 integrin subunit.  Our findings suggest that TN-C induces peak INa loss in the dystrophic heart,  and that inhibition of TN-C expression rescues abnormally reduced peak INa in  dystrophin-deficient ventricular cardiomyocytes. TN-C inhibition emerges as a  strategy to counteract ventricular conduction impairments and arrhythmias in  patients with DMD.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Dystrophin deficiency in cardiomyocytes leads  to abnormally reduced Na currents.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:I.D.V.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Pozzilli  reported receiving grants from European Charcot Foundation during the conduct of  the study. Dr Hemingway reported receiving travel grants and consulting fees  from UCB, travel grants and speaker honoraria from Roche, and honorarium and  consulting fees from Novartis during the conduct of the study. Dr Wassmer  reported receiving personal fees from Sciensus International B.V., SynaptixBio,  and Immedica Pharma UK Lt advisory boards; speaker honorarium from Immedica  Pharma UK Lt; and personal fees for meeting attendance from UCB outside the  submitted work.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr D.J. Ramsey  reported receiving personal fees from Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and  Beaver-Visitec International Inc outside the submitted work.
Author information: (1)Department of Biology, College of Science, University of Baghdad, Jadriya,  Baghdad, Iraq. mais.emad@sc.uobaghdad.edu.iq. (2)Faculty of Science, Zarqa University, Zarqa, 13110, Jordan. (3)College of Agricultural Science and Engineering, Hohai University, Nanjing,  210098, China. (4)Nanjing Hydraulic Research Institute, Nanjing, 210098, China. (5)Botany and Microbiology Department, College of Science, King Saud University,  P.O. Box 2455, 11451, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Rural communities experience well-documented systemic disparities in health  access and outcomes in comparison to urban populations. However, the ethical  dimensions of these disparities have received only limited attention, and  ethical issues related to rural health research have received even less. With  the COVID-19 pandemic casting new light on these inequities, we conducted a  scoping review to determine how much has been written on ethical issues in rural  health research and which ethical issues are most prevalent. Four overarching  ethical themes emerged through the search: resource inequity,  underrepresentation, the benefits of community-based research, and challenges  related to participant autonomy. Additionally, the search revealed a dearth of  articles on ethical issues in rural health research, particularly in the United  States. Thus, we propose four recommendations to revitalize and guide ethics  discussions of research in rural communities, including growing the literature  on ethical issues in rural U.S. communities, encouraging collaboration between  rural health and bioethics researchers, improving recognition of rural  heterogeneity, and addressing new issues in light of COVID-19.
BACKGROUND: MD-PhD programs play a critical role in training the next generation  of clinician-scientists in Canada. However, since 2015, these programs have  faced increasing financial pressures. This review examines the impact of  cost-cutting measures on Canadian MD-PhD programs and their implications for  equity, diversity, and inclusion initiatives in the Canadian context. METHODS: Using a mixed-methods approach, we analyzed funding structures across  all 11 Canadian MD-PhD programs and compared them with 120 U.S. MD-PhD programs  using publicly available data.
Roborovski dwarf hamsters are permissive for severe acute respiratory syndrome  coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection and progress to acute viral pneumonia with  profound lung tissue injury, recapitulating hallmarks of severe coronavirus  disease 2019 (COVID-19) in vulnerable patient groups such as older adults. In  this study, we established dwarf hamster whole-body plethysmography and assessed  disease severity and propensity for long-term compromise of lung recovery from  severe COVID-19-like disease in young, adult, and aged animals. Aged dwarf  hamsters infected intranasally with variant of concern (VOC) omicron BA.4  experienced more severe clinical signs, carried a higher lung virus load, and  had a greater risk of succumbing to infection. Resting airway hypersensitivity  was transiently increased in aged, but not young, dwarf hamsters 3-4 days  post-infection. Pharmacologically induced respiratory distress revealed  compromised lung capacity in animals of both age groups at peak disease. Aged  animals showed impaired respiratory function for 45 days, mounted a weaker  antiviral response, and developed chronic pneumonia with lasting tissue damage.  Treatment of acute disease with approved antivirals, paxlovid-like nirmatrelvir  + ritonavir or molnupiravir, prevented long-term respiratory sequelae in aged  animals. Nirmatrelvir + ritonavir fully suppressed transient respiratory  distress and mediated complete survival of aged animals. This study shows a high  positive correlation between host age and SARS-CoV-2 disease severity in dwarf  hamsters, establishes a model for chronic pneumonia with impaired respiratory  capacity in at-risk hosts, and demonstrates the benefit of antiviral therapy of  acute disease for long-term respiratory health.IMPORTANCEIn the COVID-19  pandemic, the frequency of chronic respiratory insufficiency after acute  SARS-CoV-2 infection was positively linked to patient age.
Author information: (1)Service de médecine interne, Hôpital Saint Antoine, Assistance Publique  Hopitaux de Paris, Sorbonne Université, Imagine Institute, CEREMAIAA reference  center, Paris, France. (2)Internal Medicine Department, Hopital Tenon, Assistance Publique Hopitaux de  Paris, Sorbonne University, CEREMAIAA reference center, Paris, France. (3)Division of Rheumatology and Immunology, Department of Medicine, Baltimore,  University of Maryland, USA. (4)Leeds Institute of Rheumatic and Musculoskeletal Medicine, University of  Leeds, Leeds, United Kingdom. (5)National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR)-Leeds Biomedical  Research Centre, Leeds, United Kingdom. (6)Division of Rheumatology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (7)Université de Paris Cité, Institut Cochin, CNRS UMR8104, INSERM U1016, Paris,  France. (8)Hematology Laboratory, Cochin Hopital, Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Paris,  Université de Paris Cité, Paris, France. (9)Service de Médecine interne, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Toulouse,  Université Toulouse III-Paul Sabatier Faculté de santé, Pole IUC de Toulouse  Oncopole CHU, Toulouse, France. (10)Service d'Hématologie Clinique, Hospices Civils de Lyon, Hôpital Lyon Sud,  Pierre Bénite, France. (11)Department of Immunology, Hospital Clínic, Barcelona, Spain. (12)Institut d'Investigacions Biomèdiques August Pi i Sunyer, Barcelona, Spain. (13)School of Medicine, Universitat de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (14)Hematology Department, Prince of Wales Hospital, Sydney, New South Wales,  Australia. (15)Hematology Department, NSW Health Pathology Randwick, Sydney, New South  Wales, Australia. (16)Prince of Wales Clinical School, University of New South Wales, Sydney, New  South Wales, Australia. (17)Department of Internal Medicine, Hôpital des forces de sécurité de  l'intérieur, Tunis, Tunisia. (18)Université Tunis el Manar, Faculté de médecine de Tunis, Tunis, Tunisia. (19)Department of Laboratory Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda,  MD, USA. (20)Hematological Malignancy Diagnostic Service, Leeds Cancer Centre, St James's  University Hospital, Leeds, United Kingdom. (21)ASST Spedali Civili of Brescia, University of Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (22)Dermatology and Allergology Department, Assistance Publique Hopitaux de  Paris, Sorbonne University, Paris, France. (23)Department of Hematology, Centro Hospitalar Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto,  Portugal. (24)Unit of Immunology, Rheumatology, Allergy and Rare Diseases (UnIRAR), IRCCS  Ospedale San Raffaele & Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan, Italy. (25)Service de médecine interne, Hôpital du Sacré-Cœur de Montréal, Montréal,  Québec, Canada. (26)Unidade de Imunologia Clínica, Unidade Local de Saúde Santo António (ULSSA),  Porto, Portugal. (27)Autoimmunity and Neurosciences Group, UMIB - Unit for Multidisciplinary  Research in Biomedicine, ICBAS - School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences,  University of Porto, Porto, Portugal. (28)ITR - Laboratory for Integrative and Translational Research in Population  Health, Porto, Portugal. (29)Rheumatology and Clinical Immunology, ASST Spedali Civili of Brescia and  Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, University of Brescia,  Brescia, Italy. (30)Hematology Branch, National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute, National Institute  of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (31)Department of Translational Hematology and Oncology Research, Taussig Cancer  Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, OH, USA. (32)Department of Biomedicine and Prevention, University of Rome Tor Vergata,  Rome, Italy. (33)Department of Adult Hematology, Yeolyan Hematology Center, Yerevan, Armenia;  Department of Hematology and Transfusion Medicine, National Institute of Health,  Yerevan, Armenia. (34)Service de médecine interne, Hôpital de la Croix Rousse, Hospices Civils de  Lyon, Lyon, France. (35)Department of Internal Medicine, Dr. Carol Davila Central Military Emergency  University Hospital, Bucharest, 010825, Romania. (36)Department of Stem Cell and Immune Regulation, Yokohama City University  Graduate School of Medicine, Yokohama, Japan. (37)Department of Hematology, Kings College Hospital and Kings College London,  London, UK. (38)Department of Dermatology, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah. (39)Institute of Rheumatology and Department of Rheumatology, First Faculty of  Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic. (40)Rheumatology Unit, Azienda Unità Sanitaria Locale-IRCCS di Reggio Emilia,  Reggio Emilia, Italy. (41)University of Modena and Reggio Emilia, Modena, Italy. (42)Department of Internal Diseases Rheumatology Diabetology Geriatrics and  Clinical Immunology with the Sub-Department of Gastroenterology, Pomeranian  Medical University in Szczecin, Szczecin, Poland.D43:N68.
Cancer Res Commun. 2025 Aug 1;5(8):1458-1465. doi:  10.1158/2767-9764.CRC-25-0144.
Conflict of interest statement: A.D. Gujar reports other from the FDA outside  the submitted work.
Conflict of interest statement: C.C. is co‐founder of Ousia Pharma ApS, a  biotech company developing therapeutics for obesity.
Since Prof. L.L. Hench's discovery that certain SiO2;-based glasses can bond  with bone tissue, bioactive glasses (BGs) like Bioglass 45S5 have played a key  role in orthopedic, dental, and periodontal treatments.
Conflict of interest statement: W.F. has been an invited speaker at Biogen MA  Inc, Danone, Eisai, WebMD Neurology (Medscape), NovoNordisk, Springer  Healthcare, European Brain Council.
Author information: (1)Genetics and Molecular Biology Graduate Program, Institute of Biology, State  University of Campinas (Unicamp), Campinas, São Paulo 13083-862, Brazil. (2)Manchester Institute of Biotechnology, University of Manchester, Manchester  M1 7DN, U.K. (3)Brazilian Association of Synthetic Biology (SynBioBR), São Paulo, São Paulo  01310-200, Brazil.
Int J Gen Med. 2025 Aug 5;18:4251-4265. doi: 10.2147/IJGM.S526025.
Cancer Manag Res. 2025 Aug 5;17:1563-1575. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S517949.
Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2025 Aug 6;20:2761-2766. doi:  10.2147/COPD.S502865.
Author information: (1)Department of Hemato-Oncology, Instituto Nacional de Ciencias Medicas y  Nutricion Salvador Zubiran, Mexico City, Mexico. (2)Escuela de Medicina, Universidad Panamericana, Mexico City, Mexico. (3)Oncology Unit 2, University Hospital of Pisa, Pisa, Italy. (4)Department of Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center Madrid,  Madrid, Spain. (5)Department of Hematology-Oncology, Samsung Medical Center, Sungkyunkwan  University School of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of Korea. (6)Department of Oncology, Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry, Palacký  University, Olomouc, Czechia. (7)Division of Medical Oncology, Department of Internal Medicine, University of  Kansas Cancer Center, Westwood, KS, United States. (8)Department of Medical Oncology, Fundacion Instituto Valenciano de Oncologia,  Valencia, Spain. (9)Department of Medical Oncology, Ankara University Faculty of Medicine,  Ankara, Türkiye. (10)Department of Medical Oncology, Hospital Ramón y Cajal, Madrid, Spain. (11)Department of Medical Oncology, IRCCS Istituto Romagnolo per lo Studio dei  Tumori (IRST) "Dino Amadori", Meldola, Italy. (12)Department of Uro-Oncology, Maria Sklodowska-Curie National Research  Institute of Oncology Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. (13)Medical Oncology Department, CHU Insular-Materno Infantil, Las Palmas de  Gran Canaria, Spain. (14)Unit of Medical Oncology and Biomolecular Therapy and C.R.E.A.T.E - Center  for Research and Innovation Medicine, Department of Medical and Surgical  Sciences, University of Foggia, Policlinico Riuniti, Foggia, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: MB has received honoraria from Adium, Astellas,  Astra Zeneca, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Eisai, IPSEN, Johnson & Johnson,  Merck, Novartis, MSD, Pfizer, Tecnofarma. Brissto Myers Squibb and Ipsen  honoraria are related to the combination therapy reported herein. LG declares  that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial  relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest. EG  has received honoraria from AbbVie, Adium, Advanced Accelerator Applications,  AMGEN, Angelini, Astellas, Astra Zeneca, AVEO, Bayer, Blueprint, Bristol Myers  Squibb, Clovis-Oncology, Dr. Reddy’s, Eisai, Esteve, Eusa Pharma, GSK, IPSEN,  ITM-Radiopharma, Janssen, Lilly, Merck KGaA, MSD, Novartis, ONCODNA Biosequence,  Palex, Pfizer, Raffo, Roche, Tecnofarma, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Zodiac; has  received institutional research funding from Astellas, Astra Zeneca, IPSEN,  Lexicon, Merck KGaA, MTEM/Threshold/Tersera, Nanostring Technologies, Pfizer,  Roche; and has received travel and accommodation expenses from Bristol Myers  Squibb, Ipsen, Janssen, Pfizer, and Roche/Genentech. SP declares that the  research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial  relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest. BM  has received research funding, honoraria, and non-financial or other support  from Roche, Pfizer, BMS, Astellas, Novartis, MSD, Merck Serono, AstraZeneca,  Eisai, and E. Lilly. TS declares that the research was conducted in the absence  of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a  potential conflict of interest. YÜ has served on advisory boards for  Abdi-Íbrahim, Astellas, Astra Zeneca, Bristol Myers-Squibb, Deva, Eczacıbaşı,  Gen ilaç, Gilead, GSK, Janssen, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche. And has  received honoraria or has served as consultant for Abdi-Íbrahim, Astellas,  Bristol Myers-Squibb, Deva, Eczacıbaşı, Gen ilaç Gilead, GSK, Janssen, Merck,  Novartis, Pfizer, Roche. JM-C declares consultant, advisory or speaker roles for  IPSEN, Roche, Pfizer, Sanofi, Janssen, and BMS. JMC has received research grants  from Pfizer, IPSEN and Roche. TA-G has received research funding, honoraria, and  non-financial or other support from IPSEN, Adacap, Pfizer, Sanofi, EISAI, Lilly,  Bayer, Janssen, BMS, Astellas, Novartis, Roche, and Merck. UD Reports a  consulting or advisory role for Amgen, Astellas Pharma, AstraZeneca, Bayer,  Bristol Myers Squibb, Eisai, Ipsen, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine  formerly Janssen, Merck KGaA, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Novartis, and Pfizer Inc.  Travel, accommodation, and/or expenses from Ipsen, AstraZeneca and Pfizer.  Research funding Institution from AstraZeneca, Roche, and Sanofi. JK honoraria  for consultations, lectures or educational events: Angelini, Astellas, Astra  Zeneca, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, IPSEN, Johnson&Johnson, Merck, MSD,  Novartis, Pfizer. Research Funding: Novartis. All unrelated to the present  paper. VC has served as a consultant/advisory board member for Johnson&Johnson,  Astellas, Merck, AstraZeneca, Amgen, EISAI, Recordati, Novartis and Bayer and  has received speaker honoraria or travel support from Astellas, Johnson&Johnson,  Ipsen, Bayer, Astrazeneca, Gilead, GSK and BristolMyers Squibb. TT reports  institutional support for attending meetings and/or travel from Pfizer, and  receiving honoraria from BMS, MSD, Merck-Serono and Pfizer. GS  speakear/advisory: B,S, Janssen, Novartis, Roche, Bayer. RK Clinical research:  MSD, BMS, AstraZeneca, Roche, Pfizer, Novartis, Abbvie, Amgen, Jannsen.  Speaker/advisory: MSD, BMS, Astrazeneca, Janssen, Astellas, Tecnofarma, Pfizer,  GSK, Ipsen, Janssen, Bayer, Eli Lilly, Roche, Novartis, Adium, Amgen, Merck  Serono. OF received honoraria from Roche, Janssen, GSK, MSD, BMS, Pierre Fabre  and Pfizer for consultations and lectures unrelated to this project. SB has  received honoraria for speaking at scientific events and advisory roles from  AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Ipsen, Merck, Eisai, MSD, Novartis, Gentili,  Astellas and Pfizer and research funding from Novartis and Pfizer. FMM Research  support was provided by Janssen and Merck Sharp Dome. Honoraria from Janssen,  Ipsen, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Merck Sharp Dome. Travel, Accommodations,  Expenses: Ipsen, Novartis, Merck, Merck Sharp Dome and Adium. Ownership: BIO,  Brazilian Information Oncology. All are unrelated to this study. AB has received  honoraria, advisory and research support from MSD, BMS, AZ, Ipsen and Astellas.  FM has received research support and/or honoraria from Astellas, BMS, Janssen,  Ipsen, MSD and Pfizer outside the submitted work. MS has received research  support and honoraria from Janssen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Ipsen, MSD, Astellas,  A.A.A.
Conflict of interest statement: J.F. reports honoraria from Takeda Oncology.
Author information: (1)Department of Anatomy and K.K. Leung Brain Research Centre, School of Basic  Medicine, Fourth Military Medical University, 710032 Xi'an, China.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://qims.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/qims-2024-2934/coif). G.L. is  supported by the 2024 Medical Engineering Research Project of National Institute  of Hospital Administration (No.
Circ Rep. 2025 Jul 1;7(8):604-611. doi: 10.1253/circrep.CR-25-0075.
Conflict of interest statement: K.I. is a member of Circulation Reports’  Editorial Team.
Author information: (1)School of Basic Medical Science, Changchun University of Chinese Medicine,  Changchun, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: H.U. has received honoraria from Novartis.
Author information: (1)Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research, Department of Psychiatry, University  of California, San Diego. (J.C., I.G.).
BackgroundParkinson's disease (PD) is a common neurodegenerative disease lacking  treatments that modify progressive neuron loss. Terazosin (TZ) increases  activity of the glycolytic enzyme phosphoglycerate kinase 1 and could  potentially benefit impaired brain bioenergetics in PD. Preclinical data are  encouraging, but we lack human data on relationships between TZ dose and  measures of TZ target engagement in women and men.ObjectiveThis study evaluated  the dose-dependent effects of TZ on brain and systemic bioenergetics and safety  and tolerability in neurologically healthy older adults.MethodsWe administered  TZ (1, 5, and 10 mg/day) to 18 neurologically healthy 60-85-year-old people.
PURPOSE: The aim of the presented work is to develop a diffusion instability  measure (DIM) that can be used in quality assurance. METHODS: Single-shot, spin-echo, echo-planar imaging HARDI diffusion data sets  were collected on a spherical silicone oil phantom with 64 different diffusion  directions on a 3T Philips Achieva and a 3T Siemens Cima.X scanner with similar  acquisition protocols.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests S.Z., R.H., and M.S.  are employees of Immunofoco.
Conflict of interest statement: K.J.G.
CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Optometry as a profession constitutes a distinct body of  knowledge informed and sustained by evidence-based approaches derived from  painstaking peer-reviewed scientific research publications. BACKGROUND: The contribution of African Optometric academics affiliated with  African universities to the body of knowledge of the profession is yet to be  assessed. This study sought to profile the research impact of African  optometrists as a contribution to knowledge in the field of Optometry. METHODS: A structured bibliometric search was conducted on the Scopus database  using a list of all Optometry training institutions in Africa and comprehensive  optometry-related search terms.The resulting publications were systematically  screened in two stages: (a) identification of articles directly related to  optometry and (b) identification of the authors of those optometry-related  publications who are optometrists affiliated with optometry schools in Africa.
Author information: (1)Moscow Regional Scientific Research Clinical Institute M.F. Vladimirsky,  Moscow, Russian Federation.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All study procedures were approved by the Biomedical Ethics Board  Moscow Regional Research and Clinical Institute n.a. M.F. Vladimirsky (protocol  no.
Author information: (1)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Pioneering Innovation Center, Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life  Sciences, Peking University Genome Editing Research Center, State Key Laboratory  of Gene Function and Modulation Research, School of Life Sciences, Peking  University, Beijing, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: W.W., Y.S., and L.G. have  submitted a patent application to the National Intellectual Property  Administration, PRC patent office pertaining to the findings of this work  (application number PCT/CN2024/094971).
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Health Research Institute of the Balearic Islands, Palma, Spain  alicemarylillian.chaplin@idisba.es. (2)Consorcio CIBER, M.P. Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y Nutrición (CIBEROBN),  Instituto de Salud Carlos III (ISCIII), Madrid, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: KU: lecturer’s fees from  Daiichi Sankyo, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Stryker, and Medtronic. MS: lecturer’s  fees from Stryker, Terumo, Johnson & Johnson, Kaneka, and Medtronic. FS:  manuscript fee from Medicus Shuppan. KI: research grant from Idorsia  Pharmaceutical Japan outside the submitted work. HI: lecturer’s fees from  Medtronic, Daiichi Sankyo, Stryker, Johnson & Johnson, Terumo, and Asahi Intecc.  AI: research grant from Fuji Film; lecturer’s fees from Asahi-Intec, Kaneka,  Medtronic, Stryker and Terumo; and membership of the advisory boards for  Medtronic, Terumo, and Terumo Neuro outside the submitted work. YM: lecturer's  fees from Medtronic, Stryker, Terumo, Kaneka, Biomedical Solution, E.P. Medical,  B Braun, Daiichi Sankyo, and Idorsia Pharmaceutical Japan outside the submitted  work.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Morgillo F. Receipt of honoraria or  consultation fees for speaker, consultancy, or advisory roles: Roche, Servier,  Incyte, ESMO, and MSD. Papaccio F. reported private institutional research  funding from Merck, travel support from Diatech Pharmacogenetics, and ESMO  Translational Research Fellowship sponsored by Amgen from 2018 to 2020. Della  Corte C.M.: reported receiving personal fees and travel grants from Roche, MSD,  Regeneron, Amgen, Lilly, Novartis, Pharmamar, Merck, Pfizer, Genetic, and  AstraZeneca outside the submitted work.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Engineering, Carinthia University of Applied Sciences,  Klagenfurt, Austria. Electronic address: S.Pittayapong@fh-kaernten.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Pathology, Chulabhorn International College of Medicine,  Thammasat University, Pathum Thani, Thailand. Electronic address:  thiyapat@tu.ac.th. (2)Division of Pathology, Chulabhorn International College of Medicine,  Thammasat University, Pathum Thani, Thailand. Electronic address:  slithereensoul@hotmail.com. (3)FSBI "National Medical Research Centre for Obstetrics, Gynecology and  Perinatology Named after Academician V.I.Kulakov" of the Ministry of Health of  the Russian Federation, Moscow, Russia.
Author information: (1)Department of Biological and Biomedical Sciences, Aga Khan University,  Stadium Road, P.O. Box 3500, Karachi 74800, Pakistan; Department of  Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, College of Medicine,  Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, Henan 450001, China.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests D.D.P.
Author information: (1)Department of Engineering, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Peru, Lima,  Peru. (2)Institute for Omics Sciences and Applied Biotechnology, Pontificia  Universidad Catolica del Peru, Lima, Peru. (3)Atrineo A.G, Karlsruhe, Germany.
Author information: (1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, NT.C., Islamic Azad University, Tehran,  Iran.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors S.C., S.Y.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.dl.R. (D.R., V.A.,  D.M.S.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025. Published by Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: P.F. and F.D. hold a patent on  IGFBP3/TMEM219 axis.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure statement This study was supported by  the Swiss National Science Foundation (grant no. 320030_192479), Bern Center for  Precision Medicine (pilot project grant), Ruth & Arthur Scherbarth Foundation  (project grant) (all to C.S.), and the SKINTEGRITY.CH collaborative research  project (to S.S., F.L., N.L.B.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Medical Oncology and Hematology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital,  Rozzano, Milan, Italy. (2)Integrated Biology of Rare Tumors, Department of Experimental Oncology,  Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Milan, Italy. (3)Unit of Otorhinolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, ASST Spedali Civili di  Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (4)Unit of Otorhinolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, ASST Spedali Civili di  Brescia, Brescia, Italy; Department of Medical and Surgical Specialties,  Radiological Sciences, and Public Health, University of Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (5)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Milan, Italy;  Otorhinolaryngology Unit IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan,  Italy. (6)Unit of Pathology, ASST Spedali Civili di Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (7)Medical Oncology and Hematology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital,  Rozzano, Milan, Italy; Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University,  Milan, Italy. (8)Medical Oncology Unit, Department of Medical and Surgical Specialties,  Radiological Sciences and Public Health, University of Brescia, ASST Spedali  Civili, Brescia, Italy. (9)Angelo Nocivelli Institute of Molecular Medicine, University of Brescia and  ASST Spedali Civili di Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (10)Integrated Biology of Rare Tumors, Department of Experimental Oncology,  Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Milan, Italy. Electronic  address: Loris.DeCecco@istitutotumori.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Mohit S. Verma and Arezoo M.  Ardekani report financial support was provided by National Institute for  Innovation in Manufacturing Biopharmaceuticals (NIIMBL). Mohit S. Verma and  Arezoo M. Ardekani report financial support was provided by U.S. Department of  Commerce, National Institute of Standards and Technology.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A.T.-T.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests B.S.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: Carlos  López-López reports receiving personal honoraria as an invited speaker from  Roche, Astra-Zeneca, MSD, BMS, EISAI, Lilly, Ipsen; receiving payment for expert  testimony from Roche, Astra-Zeneca, MSD, BSM, EISAI, Ipsen; receiving support  for travel and/or meeting attendance from Roche, Astra-Zeneca, MSD, BMS, Ipsen;  and participating on data safety monitoring boards or advisory boards for Roche,  Astra-Zeneca, MSD, BMS, EISAI, Lilly, Ipsen. Paula Cerdá reports receiving  personal honoraria as an invited speaker from Astra Zeneca and Roche; receiving  support for travel from Roche and Eisai; and participating on data safety  monitoring boards or advisory boards for Astra Zeneca. Mariona Calvo reports  receiving personal honoraria as an invited speaker from Roche, Astra Zeneca,  BMS.MSD and Eisai; receiving support for travel from Roche; and participating on  data safety monitoring boards or advisory boards for Roche and Eisai.
Plain Language Summary: This study introduces a framework for medical student  feedback literacy, designed to improve feedback processes and enhance learning  outcomes in medical education by incorporating the perspectives of students,  educators, and patients.The use of triangulated thematic analysis in this study  highlights the importance of gathering diverse viewpoints to strengthen the  depth and credibility of qualitative research on feedback literacy in medical  education.Integrating feedback literacy into the medical curriculum is crucial  for improving student learning outcomes and patient safety; however, further  research across different cultural and educational contexts is needed to  validate and expand the framework’s applicability.
Author information: (1)Materials Artificial Intelligence Center, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced  Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1068 Xueyuan Avenue, Shenzhen, 518055,  P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Department of Molecular Medicine, Sapienza University of Rome, Viale Regina  Elena 324, Rome, 00161, Italy. (2)Department of Anesthesiology, Critical Care and Pain Medicine, Boston  Children's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (3)Metabolic Bone Disorders Unit, National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial  Research, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (4)Departments of Orthopaedic Surgery and Medicine, Brigham and Women's  Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, 02115, USA. (5)Institute for Regenerative Cures, University of California Davis, Sacramento,  CA, 95817, USA. (6)Department of Cell Biology and Human Anatomy, University of California Davis,  Sacramento, CA, 95817, USA. (7)Department of Drug Design and Pharmacology, University of Copenhagen,  Copenhagen, 2100, Denmark. (8)Biology Department, Boston College, 140 Commonwealth Ave, Chestnut Hill, MA,  02467, USA. (9)G Protein Therapeutics, 3160 Porter Dr. Suite 250, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, USA. (10)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Medicine, University  of California, San Francisco. 513 Parnassus Ave., HSE 901, San Francisco, CA,  94143-0794, USA. (11)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Medicine, San  Francisco Veterans Affairs Health Sciences Center, San Francisco, CA, 94121,  USA. (12)Department of Developmental Biology, Harvard School of Dental Medicine,  Harvard Stem Cell Institute, 188 Longwood Ave, Boston, MA, 02115, USA. (13)State Key Laboratory of Oral Diseases, West China Hospital of Stomatology,  National Clinical Research Center for Oral Diseases, Sichuan University,  Chengdu, 610041, China. (14)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Medicine, The  Institute for Human Genetics; and the Eli and Edythe Broad Institute for  Regeneration Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA, 94143, USA.  edward.Hsiao@ucsf.
Fibrous dysplasia/McCune Albright syndrome (FD/MAS) is a rare genetic disease  caused by postzygotic activating variants in the GNAS gene, encoding the α  subunit of stimulatory G protein (Gαs). Although multiple organs may be  involved, skeletal lesions usually represent the most severe and least treatable  expression of the disease, leading to bone deformities, spontaneous fractures,  and chronic pain that severely reduce patients' quality of life.The recognition  of the causative Gαs variants and the consequent ligand-independent activation  of the adenylyl cyclase/cAMP/PKA pathway has provided a clear molecular  explanation to most extra-skeletal pathologies of FD/MAS, leading to the  development of effective therapeutic approaches.
OBJECTIVE: To identify potential diagnostic biomarkers distinguishing  Epstein-Barr virus-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (EBV-HLH) from  infectious mononucleosis (EBV-IM) in pediatric patients using a retrospective  case-control design. METHODS: This study enrolled a total of 160 pediatric patients, including 132  with Epstein-Barr virus-associated infectious mononucleosis (EBV-IM) and 28 with  EBV-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (EBV-HLH). Serum levels of  CD4⁺ T cells, CD8⁺ T cells, and D-dimer were quantified by flow cytometry and  immunoturbidimetry, respectively. The CD4⁺/CD8⁺ ratio was calculated from  absolute counts. These parameters, along with clinical and laboratory features,  were compared between the EBV-IM and EBV-HLH groups. Binary logistic regression  was used to analyze the risk factors for the progression of EBV infection to  EBV-HLH. The clinical value of CD4⁺/CD8⁺ ratio and D-dimer levels in diagnosing  EBV-HLH was assessed using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve  analysis. RESULTS: The average age of the EBV-HLH group was significantly lower than that  of the IM group (p < 0.05). The EBV-HLH group had significantly higher levels of  NLR(Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio), PLR(Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio), D-dimer,  EBV-DNA, disease duration, CD4⁺/CD8⁺ ratio, and AST/ALT compared to the IM group  (p < 0.05).Binary logistic regression analysis indicated that a higher CD4⁺/CD8⁺  ratio (OR = 17.
Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethical standards. Guarantor:  The scientific guarantor of this publication is Dr. Luis Marti-Bonmati. Conflict  of interest: A.A.B.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, South Dakota Mines, Rapid  City, SD, 57701, USA. (2)LABGeM, Génomique Métabolique, CEA, Genoscope, Institut de Biologie François  Jacob, Université d'Évry, Université Paris-Saclay, CNRS, Évry, 91057, France. (3)Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of South Dakota, Vermillion,  SD, 57069, USA. (4)Department of Computer Science, University of Dschang, Dschang, Cameroon. (5)Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, South Dakota Mines, Rapid  City, SD, 57701, USA. (6)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Montana State University,  Bozeman, MT, 59717, USA. (7)Department of Computer Science, University of Nebraska Omaha, Omaha, NE,  68182, USA. (8)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, South Dakota Mines, Rapid  City, SD, 57701, USA. Rajesh.Sani@sdsmt.
Author information: (1)Department of Endocrinology, Peking University First Hospital, No. 8 Xishiku  Street, Xicheng District, Beijing, 100034, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare no  competing interests. Ethics: Clinical samples used in this study were approved  by the Ethics Committee of the Technical University Munich (approval number:  80/17S) and the Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital of  Nanjing University (approval number: 2019-015-01). All mouse experiments and  procedures were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of  the Technical University of Munich (approval numbers: 55.2-1-54-2532-197-2016,  ROB-55.2-2532.Vet_02-17-83), which address the ARRIVE guidelines.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.B. received  consulting/speaker honoraria from Life Molecular Imaging, GE Healthcare, and  Roche, and reader honoraria from Life Molecular Imaging.
Author information: (1)David Braley Centre for Antibiotic Discovery, M.G. DeGroote Institute for  Infectious Disease Research, Department of Biochemistry and Biomedical Sciences,  McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, Canada.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.E.C.
Copyright © 2025 Science China Press. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights  reserved.
Copyright © 2025 European Federation of Internal Medicine. Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Japanese Society of Allergology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 21:ajnr.A8959.
Author information: (1)From the Department of Radiology (J.I., G.C.Y.C., E.J.E.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: AFE and HB have nothing to  disclose. JHN has a part-time appointment with Bioxdyn Ltd. GJMP receives a  salary from, holds shares in, and is a director of Bioxydyn Limited, a company  with an interest in imaging biomarkers. GJMP also holds shares in and is a  director of Queen Square Analytics Limited, a company with an interest in  imaging biomarkers. GJMP also holds shares in and is a director of Quantitative  Imaging Limited, a company with an interest in imaging biomarkers. CM, Advanced  Fellowship, NIHR301338 is funded by the National Institute for Health and Care  Research (NIHR). The views expressed in this publication are those of the  authors and not necessarily those of the NIHR, NHS, or the UK Department of  Health and Social Care. CM acknowledges support from the University of  Manchester British Heart Foundation Accelerator Award (AA/18/4/34221) and the  NIHR Manchester Biomedical Research Centre (NIHR203308). CM has participated on  advisory boards/consulted for AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim and Lilly  Alliance, Novartis, and PureTech Health, serves as an advisor for HAYA  Therapeutics, has received speaker fees from AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim  and Novo Nordisk, conference attendance support from AstraZeneca, and research  support from Amicus Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Guerbet Laboratories Limited,  Roche and Univar Solutions B.V. JV reports personal fees from ALK-Abello,  AstraZeneca, Boehringer-Ingelheim, Chiesi, GSK, and Teva, outside the submitted  work.
Author information: (1)Department of Congenital Heart Disease, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation  Trust, London, United Kingdom. (2)Department of Congenital Heart Disease, University Hospital Bristol, Bristol,  United Kingdom. (3)Department of Radiology, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, London,  United Kingdom. (4)School of Biomedical Engineering and Imaging Sciences, King's College London,  London, United Kingdom. (5)Department of Clinical Genetics, University Hospitals Bristol and Weston NHS  Trust, Bristol, United Kingdom; Centre for Academic Child Health, Bristol  Medical School, University of Bristol, Bristol, United Kingdom. (6)Department of Clinical Genetics, University Hospitals Bristol and Weston NHS  Trust, Bristol, United Kingdom. (7)Department of Congenital Heart Disease, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation  Trust, London, United Kingdom; School of Biomedical Engineering and Imaging  Sciences, King's College London, London, United Kingdom. (8)Department of Congenital Heart Disease, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation  Trust, London, United Kingdom; School of Biomedical Engineering and Imaging  Sciences, King's College London, London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  David.Lloyd@gstt.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Oakland University,  Rochester, MI, 48309, USA. Electronic address: tasminkarim@oakland.edu. (2)Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Oakland University,  Rochester, MI, 48309, USA. Electronic address: shaon@oakland.edu. (3)Division of Biomedical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, 57 Campus  Drive, Saskatoon, SK, S7N 5A9, Canada; Department of Software Engineering,  Daffodil International University, Daffodil Smart City, Birulia, Dhaka, 1216,  Bangladesh; Health Informatics Research Lab, Department of Computer Science and  Engineering, Daffodil International University, Daffodil Smart City, Birulia,  Dhaka, 1216, Bangladesh. Electronic address: m.ali@usask.ca. (4)Department of Biochemistry, College of Science, King Saud University, P.O.  Box: 2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: M.K.R.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest Dr. Zarate is  listed as a co-inventor on a patent for the use of ketamine in major depression  and suicidal ideation; as a co-inventor on a patent for the use of  (2R,6R)-hydroxynorketamine, (S)-dehydronorketamine, and other stereoisomeric  dehydroxylated and hydroxylated metabolites of (R,S)-ketamine in the treatment  of depression and neuropathic pain; and as a co-inventor on a patent application  for the use of (2R,6R)-hydroxynorketamine and (2S,6S)-hydroxynorketamine in the  treatment of depression, anxiety, anhedonia, suicidal ideation, and  post-traumatic stress disorder. He has assigned his patent rights to the U.S.  government but will share a percentage of any royalties that may be received by  the government.
Author information: (1)Oxford Autoimmune Neurology Group, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK; Department of Neurology, John  Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford University Hospitals, Oxford, UK. (2)Oxford Autoimmune Neurology Group, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (3)Department of Neurology, Southmead Hospital, Bristol, UK. (4)Oxford Autoimmune Neurology Group, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK; Wellcome Centre for Human  Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom. Nuffield Department of  Clinical Neurosciences, West Wing, John Radcliffe Hospital, University of  Oxford, Oxford, UK. (5)Wellcome Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, United  Kingdom. Nuffield Department of Clinical Neurosciences, West Wing, John  Radcliffe Hospital, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (6)Department of Pediatrics, Section of Neurology and Developmental  Neuroscience, Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children's Hospital, Houston,  TX, USA; Department of Pediatrics, Section of Rheumatology, Baylor College of  Medicine and Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX, USA. (7)Department of Pediatrics, Section of Neurology and Developmental  Neuroscience, Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children's Hospital, Houston,  TX, USA. (8)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Pediatric Rheumatology, Duke University  School of Medicine, Durham, NC, USA. (9)Laboratories for Emerging and Tropical Disease Research, Department of  Epidemiology & Biostatistics, Texas A&M School of Public Health, College  Station, TX, USA. (10)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Innovation and Research, Emory  University School of Medicine and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, Atlanta, GA,  USA. (11)Department of Clinical Research, University of Southern Denmark, 5230  Odense, Denmark. (12)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Odense University Hospital, 5000 Odense,  Denmark. (13)Department of Neurology, Odense University Hospital (OUH), Denmark;  Department of Neurosurgery, Copenhagen University Hospital - Rigshospitalet,  Copenhagen, Denmark. (14)French Reference Centre on Paraneoplastic Neurological Syndromes and  Autoimmune Encephalitis, Hospices Civils de Lyon, MeLiS-UCBL-CNRS UMR 5284.  INSERM U1314, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon, France. (15)Department of Molecular Virology and Microbiology, Baylor College of  Medicine, Houston, TX, USA; Department of Pediatrics, Division of Tropical  Medicine, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA. (16)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Neuropediatrics and Social Pediatrics,  Medical Faculty, RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany. (17)Mater Centre for Neurosciences, Mater Hospital, Brisbane, Queensland,  Australia. (18)Department of Clinical Research, University of Southern Denmark, 5230  Odense, Denmark; Department of Neurology, Odense University Hospital (OUH),  Denmark. (19)Brain and Mind Centre, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney,  Sydney, NSW, Australia; Clinical Neuroimmunology Group, Kids Neuroscience Centre  and Sydney Medical School, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney,  Sydney, NSW, Australia; TY Nelson Department of Neurology, Children's Hospital  at Westmead, Sydney, NSW, Australia. (20)Children's Neurosciences, Evelina London Children's Hospital at Guy's and St  Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK; Department of Women & Children's  Health, School of School of Life Course & Population Sciences, Faculty of Life  Sciences and Medicine, King's College London, London, UK. (21)Children's Neurosciences, Evelina London Children's Hospital at Guy's and St  Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK; Departments of Imaging Physics &  Engineering and Early Life Imaging, School of Biomedical Engineering & Imaging  Sciences, King's College London, London, UK. (22)Paediatric Neurology and Neurophysiology Unit, Department of Women's and  Children's Health, University Hospital of Padova, Padova, Italy; Neuroimmunology  Group, Paediatric Research Institute "Città della Speranza," Padova, Italy. (23)Department of Neurology, John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford University  Hospitals, Oxford, UK; Wellcome Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford,  Oxford, United Kingdom. Nuffield Department of Clinical Neurosciences, West  Wing, John Radcliffe Hospital, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK; Department of  Psychiatry, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (24)Oxford Autoimmune Neurology Group, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK; Departments of Neurology and  Neurosciences, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, USA. (25)Oxford Autoimmune Neurology Group, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK; Department of Neurology, John  Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford University Hospitals, Oxford, UK. Electronic address:  Adam.Handel@ndcn.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: SRI has received honoraria/research  support from Amgen, Argenx, UCB, Roche, Janssen, IQVIA, Clarivate, Slingshot  Insights, Cerebral therapeutics, BioHaven therapeutics, CSL Behring, and ONO  Pharma and is a co-applicant and receive royalties on patent application  WO/2010/046716 entitled ‘Neurological Autoimmune Disorders’ and is coinventor on  ‘Diagnostic method and therapy’ USP 17/051,930, 2021 and ‘Biomarker’ USP  18/279,624, 2024. AEH has received research support from UCB. M.L. receives/has  received consultation fees from CSL Behring, Novartis, Roche and Octapharma;  received travel grants from Merck Serono; and received unrestricted educational  grants to organise meetings by Novartis, Biogen Idec, Merck Serono and Bayer.
Author information: (1)Vanderbilt Eye Institute, Division of Medical Genetics and Genomic Medicine  (R.J.T.
Author information: (1)Reinstein Vision (D.Z.R.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective. Neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging (NODDI)  microstructure estimation from diffusion magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI) is of  great significance for the discovery and treatment of various neurological  diseases. Current deep learning-based methods accelerate the speed of NODDI  parameter estimation and improve the accuracy. However, most methods require the  number and coordinates of gradient directions during testing and training to  remain strictly consistent, significantly limiting the generalization and  robustness of these models in NODDI parameter estimation. Therefore, it is  imperative to develop methods that can perform robustly under varying diffusion  gradient directions.Approach.
Objective. Epidural spinal stimulation (ESS) has demonstrated promising  functional improvements in trunk control following spinal cord injury (SCI).  However, previous ESS studies targeting trunk muscle activation have been  limited to stimulation over the eleventh thoracic to first lumbar vertebral  levels, which may not be optimal based on anatomical evidence regarding trunk  muscle innervation. In this light, the objective of this study was to  investigate trunk muscle activity in response to ESS at varying stimulation  locations above the thoracic spine.Approach.An electrode array was implanted  above the thoracic spine of 13 participants.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.C. is an employee of  Moderna, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A.E. received  consulting fees from Novo Nordisk, Sanofi, Amarin, and Amgen with no  relationship to the current study.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Duke University and the  Weizmann Institute of Science have applied for a patent on the use of this  strategy to treat CAC. A.G. and X.S. are co-founders of OnVagus, Inc.
Author information: (1)International Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Biomedical  Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, 235603, Taiwan;  Graduate Institute of Biomedical Optomechatronics, Taipei Medical University,  Taipei, 110, Taiwan.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia;  Susan Wakil School of Nursing and Midwifery, Faculty of Medicine and Health,  University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia. Electronic address:  melissa.baysari@sydney.edu.au. (2)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia.  Electronic address: kristian.stanceski@sydney.edu.au. (3)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia.  Electronic address: bethany.vandort@sydney.edu.au. (4)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia.  Electronic address: jacques.raubenheimer@sydney.edu.au. (5)Sydney School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of  Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia. Electronic address: lily.pham@sydney.edu.au. (6)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia.  Electronic address: danielle.deidun@health.nsw.gov.au. (7)Biomedical Informatics and Digital Health, School of Medical Sciences,  Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia.  Electronic address: adeola.ba@sydney.edu.au. (8)Clinical Engagement and Patient Safety, eHealth NSW, Chatswood, NSW,  Australia. Electronic address: Duncan.Mackay@health.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests D.G. is the chief  executive officer of Sequoia Genetics, a private limited company that works with  investors, pharma, biotech, and academia by performing research that leverages  genetic data to help inform drug discovery and development.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of conflicting interestsThe authors  declared the following potential conflicts of interest with respect to the  research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: H. Aung has no  conflict of interest. A. Murphy has received funding for research studies,  consultancy agreements, and honoraria for presentations from AstraZeneca,  Chiesi, Orion, and Sanofi. N.J. Greening has received honoraria for lectures,  conference travel and advisory boards from AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim,  Chiesi, GlaxoSmithKline, Pulmonx, Roche and Sanofi and received grants and  consultation fees (paid to institution) from Genentech, Roche and  GlaxoSmithKline.
Author information: (1)Department of Translational Medical Sciences, University of Campania "Luigi  Vanvitelli", Caserta, Italy. (2)Division of Clinical Cardiology, A.O.R.N. "Sant'Anna e San Sebastiano",  Caserta, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval: This article  does not report any studies involving human participants or animals, nor does it  disclose any patient data. Therefore, no additional ethical approval is  required. Consent to participate: Not applicable. Consent for publication:  D.A.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was conducted in accordance with the Declaration of  Helsinki and approved by the Ethics Committee of Sant’Andrea University Hospital  (protocol code ref. nr. CE 6597/2021 on January 12, 2022). Consent for  publication: All patients provided informed consent to publish their images.  Competing interests: D.C. is a member of the Scientific Editorial Board of  Insights into Imaging (section: gastrointestinal).
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: X.Y.L.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Imaging, Advanced Medical and Dental Institute,  Universiti Sains Malaysia, Bertam, 13200, Kepala Batas, Pulau Pinang, Malaysia. (2)Medical Imaging Department, Applied Medical Sciences Faculty, Al Azhar  University-Gaza, P.O. Box 1277, Gaza City, Palestine.
The continued decrease in sequencing costs has led to an abundance of  high-throughput data representing an increasing diversity of experimental  conditions. These changes have been coupled with the adoption of cloud  technologies and interoperability standards to share and analyze large primary  and secondary data files. While 10 years ago analysis of hundreds or thousands  of genomics samples was only practical at institutions with large local  computational resources, these experiments can now be routinely performed by  anyone with access to the Internet.In this tutorial, we use the Seven Bridges  Cancer Genomics Cloud (CGC) to analyze RNA sequencing data from the NIH Cancer  Research Data Commons (CRDC).
The purpose of this study was providing an overview of meningioma research and  its current situation. We conducted a bibliometric study of 14,027 articles and  reviews on meningioma between January, 1992 to June, 2023 with the bibliometrix  tool and VOSviewer. The distribution of authorship and collaboration patterns  among countries, institutions, publications, and authors were analyzed. Core  sources was analyzed with Bradford's law and author productivity was analyzed  with Lotka's Law. The current situation and key areas were assessed through  co-occurrence analysis. The number of publications has steadily increased over  the years. The United States and University California San Francisco made the  most contribution country and institution, respectively. Among the cited  authors, Zhang J. emerged as the leading contributor while Perry A. was the most  productive. Black P.M. had the highest h-index and Nassiri F.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Pharmacy, Uppsala University, Box 580, 751  23, Uppsala, Sweden. (2)Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, University of  Strathclyde, Glasgow, UK. (3)Department of Public Health Pharmacy and Management, School of Pharmacy,  Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University, Pretoria, South Africa. (4)Antibiotic Policy Group, Institute for Infection and Immunity, City St.  George's, University of London, London, UK. (5)INVEST Research Flagship Centre, University of Turku, Turku, Finland. (6)The Social Insurance Institution of Finland (Kela), Helsinki, Finland. (7)AOK Research Institute (WIdO), Berlin, Germany. (8)Pharmacy and Pharmacology Center, Faculty of Medicine, Vilnius University,  Vilnius, Lithuania. (9)Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA), Rome, Italy. (10)Centre for Health Evaluation & Research/Infosaúde, National Association of  Pharmacies, Lisbon, Portugal. (11)Life and Health Sciences Research Institute (ICVS), School of Medicine,  University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal. (12)Servei de Farmacología Clínica, Hospital de la Santa Creu i Sant Pau,  Barcelona, Spain. (13)Departament de Farmacologia, de Terapèutica i de Toxicologia, Universitat  Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (14)Faculdade de Farmácia da Universidade de Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal. (15)Laboratory of Systems Integration Pharmacology, Clinical and Regulatory  Science, Research Institute for Medicines of the University of Lisbon  (iMed.ULisboa), Lisbon, Portugal.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures This  research has received support in part from grants R01HL089765 and R35HL161195  from the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health  (principal investigator: Dr Slomka). The content is solely the responsibility of  the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the  National Institutes of Health. Dr Miller has received consulting fees and  research support from Pfizer. Mr Kavanagh has participated in software royalties  for QPS software at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Dr Marcinkiewicz has received  consulting fees from APQ health. Dr Ruddy has received research grant support  from GE HealthCare, Siemens Healthcare, Pfizer Global, and Canadian Medical  Isotope Ecosystem. Dr Einstein has received a speaker fee from Ionetix; has  received consulting fees from W.L. Gore and Associates and Artrya; has received  authorship fees from Wolters Kluwer Healthcare–UpToDate; has served on a  scientific advisory board for Canon Medical Systems USA; and his institution has  received grants or has grants pending from Attralus, BridgeBio, Canon Medical  Systems USA, GE HealthCare, Intellia Therapeutics, Ionis Pharmaceuticals,  Mediwhale, Neovasc, Pfizer, Roche Medical Systems, and W.L. Gore and Associates.
Copyright © 2025 Written work prepared by employees of the Federal Government as  part of their official duties is, under the U.S. Copyright Act, a “work of the  United States Government” for which copyright protection under Title 17 of the  United States Code is not available.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest and Funding Source:  Research reported in this publication was supported by the National Institute of  Neurological Disorders and Stroke of the National Institutes of Health under  award number 1R01NS126449. This publication was also made possible with support  from the Grand Alliance Concussion Assessment, Research, and Education (CARE)  Consortium, funded in part by the National Collegiate Athletic Association  (NCAA) and the Department of Defense (DOD). The U.S. Army Medical Research  Acquisition Activity, 820 Chandler Street, Fort Detrick MD 21702-5014 is the  awarding and administering acquisition office.
BackgroundPatients with advanced cancer experience a substantial amount of  existential and emotional distress. Dignity therapy (DT) is a brief,  individualized psychotherapy that aims to relieve existential distress and  improve the experiences of individuals impacted by serious illness.AimTo  evaluate the feasibility and acceptability of virtual DT (vDT) among patients  with advanced cancer.MethodsThis pilot study recruited adult patients with  advanced cancer and an expected prognosis >6 months.
Blood Cancer Discov. 2025 Aug 8:OF1-OF13. doi: 10.1158/2643-3230.BCD-25-0049.
ObjectivesCartilage repair (CR) surgery and anterior cruciate ligament  reconstruction (ACL-R) are common joint procedures, particularly in younger  patients. However, the impact of prior or concurrent ACL-R on the outcomes of CR  remains uncertain. This study aimed to evaluate whether ACL-R affects the  structural quality and clinical outcomes of CR tissue.MethodsIn this  retrospective multicenter study, 71 patients undergoing CR were followed up with  magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and clinical evaluations at 3, 12, and 60  months.
Author information: (1)StoP-AD Centre, Douglas Mental Health University Institute, McGill  University, Montréal, QC H4H 1R3, Canada. (2)Department of Psychiatry, McGill University, Montréal, QC H3A 1A1, Canada. (3)McConnell Brain Imaging Center, Montreal Neurological Institute, McGill  University, Montréal, QC H3A 2B4, Canada. (4)Cerebral Imaging Centre, Douglas Mental Health University Institute, McGill  University, Montréal, QC H4H 1R3, Canada. (5)Integrated Program in Neuroscience, McGill University, Montréal, QC H3A 0G4,  Canada. (6)Research Center of the CIUSSS-NIM, Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur de Montréal,  Montreal, QC H4J 1C5, Canada. (7)Department of Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, Université de Montréal,  Montréal, QC H3T 1J4, Canada. (8)Department of Physics, Concordia University, Montréal, QC H4B 1R6, Canada. (9)Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery, McGill University, Montréal, QC H3A  1A1, Canada. (10)Faculté des sciences, Département d'informatique, Université de Sherbrooke,  Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada. (11)Normandie Univ, UNICAEN, INSERM, U1237, PhIND "Physiopathology and Imaging  of Neurological Disorders", NeuroPresage Team, GIP Cyceron, 14032 Caen, France. (12)School of Psychological Science, The University of Western Australia, Perth,  Western Australia 6009, Australia. (13)Department Biomedical Engineering, McGill University, Montréal, QC H3A 2B4,  Canada. (14)Centre ÉPIC, Montreal Heart Institute, Montréal, QC H1T 1N6, Canada. (15)Faculty of Dental Medicine and Oral Health Sciences, McGill University,  Montreal, QC H3A 1G1, Canada. (16)Department of Anesthesia, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, McGill  University, Montreal, QC H3G 2M1, Canada. (17)Alan Edwards Center for Research on Pain, McGill University, Montreal, QC  H3A 2B4, Canada. (18)Department of Psychology, Toronto Metropolitan University, Toronto, ON M5S  2E5, Canada. (19)Clinique interdisciplinaire de mémoire, CHU de Québec affilié à l'Université  Laval, Québec, QC G1V 4G2, Canada. (20)Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine, Faculty of Medicine and  Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1H 5H3, Canada. (21)AI2D Center for AI and Data Science for Integrated Diagnostics, University  of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA. (22)Psychology Department, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC H2V 2S9, Canada. (23)Centre de Recherche de l'Institut Universitaire de Gériatrie de Montréal,  Montréal, QC H3W 1W5, Canada. (24)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, 431 39 Mölndal,  Sweden. (25)Clinical Neurochemistry Lab, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, 43180 Mölndal,  Sweden. (26)Paris Brain Institute, ICM, Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne University,  75013 Paris, France. (27)Neurodegenerative Disorder Research Center, Division of Life Sciences and  Medicine, and Department of Neurology, Institute on Aging and Brain Disorders,  University of Science and Technology of China and First Affiliated Hospital of  USTC, Hefei, Anhui, 230026 P.R. China.
BACKGROUND: Adolescent girls and young women (AGYW) living with HIV in Ghana  face multiple, intersecting forms of marginalization. Beyond the clinical  management of HIV, little is known about how they construct meaning, navigate  identity, and imagine their futures within structural contexts shaped by stigma,  gender inequity, economic precarity and colonial legacies. OBJECTIVE: To explore how AGYW living with HIV in Ghana understand and negotiate  their social identities in work and school. We then aimed to understand how  their lived experiences at school and work are shaped by broader systems of  power. METHODS: This qualitative study drew on semi-structured interviews with AGYW  (ages 11-24, N = 24 ) receiving HIV care in Kumasi, Ghana. Data were coded both  inductively and deductively. Themes were interpreted through the Ghanian context  using intersectionality, Critical Disability Studies, spoiled identity theory  and African Feminist decolonial theory. The analysis was conducted iteratively  and reflexively, with attention to positionality, gender, and structural power  dynamics. RESULTS: Seven major themes were identified: (1) social support; (2) concrete  plans for the future; (3) unattainability of the future; (4) coping via  detachment; (5) need for privacy and confidentiality; (6) role as arbiter of HIV  information; and (7) financial stress. Across these themes, AGYW described  dynamic processes of identity negotiation, moral and emotional labor, and  structural constraint. HIV was rarely the sole barrier-rather, it intersected  with gender norms, family dynamics, age hierarchies, economic marginalization,  and misinformation to shape participants' social worlds. Some participants coped  through detachment or concealment, while others reclaimed agency through  caregiving roles, education, or aspirational goals. CONCLUSIONS: AGYW living with HIV in Ghana are not only navigating a chronic  illness but also resisting a layered matrix of social and structural injustice.  Their stories reveal both vulnerability and strategic agency. Interventions and  policy must go beyond biomedical care to address stigma, provide confidential  and affirming school and work environments, and offer structural supports for  emotional, educational, and economic well-being. WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN ON THIS TOPIC: Adolescent girls and young women (AGYW) in  sub-Saharan Africa represent a disproportionately high share of new HIV  infections and face intersecting structural barriers related to gender, age, and  stigma.Existing literature has shown that AGYW living with HIV often experience  interruptions in education, social exclusion, and reduced employment  opportunities.While some studies have explored stigma or psychosocial distress,  few have examined how AGYW themselves construct meaning around their identities  or futures.Intersectionality is frequently cited in global health but rarely  operationalized in qualitative research in low- and middle-income countries  (LMICs), and even less so alongside frameworks like Critical Disability Studies  (CDS) or spoiled identity theory.
Author information: (1)Programs in Metabolism and Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute  of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA, 2142, USA. (2)Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA,  2114, USA. (3)Diabetes Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, 2114, USA. (4)Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, 2215, USA. (5)Vanderbilt Genetics Institute, Division of Genetic Medicine, Vanderbilt  University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (6)Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan. (7)Department of Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Graduate School of Medicine,  The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, 113-8654, Japan. (8)Centre for Genetics and Genomics Versus Arthritis, Centre for Musculoskeletal  Research, Division of Musculoskeletal and Dermatological Sciences, University of  Manchester, Manchester, UK. (9)Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine, Clinical Sciences Building, Nanyang  Technological University, Singapore, 308232, Singapore. (10)Department of Internal Medicine, Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul,  3080, South Korea. (11)The Charles Bronfman Institute for Personalized Medicine, Icahn School of  Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (12)Department of Pediatrics, Section of Genetics, University of Oklahoma,  Oklahoma, OK, USA. (13)Nuffield Department of Population Health, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3  7LF, UK. (14)Department of Nutrition, Gillings School of Global Public Health, University  of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, 27599, USA. (15)Center for Research on Genomics and Global Health, National Human Genome  Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (16)Biological Sciences Division, Public Health Sciences, The University of  Chicago, Chicago, IL, 60637, USA. (17)Laboratory for Statistical Analysis, RIKEN Centre for Integrative Medical  Sciences, Yokohama, 230-0045, Japan. (18)Department of Ophthalmology, Graduate School of Medical Sciences, Kyushu  University, Fukuoka, 812-8582, Japan. (19)Division of Statistical Genomics, Washington University School of Medicine,  St. Louis, MO, USA. (20)Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, Canada. (21)Population Health Research Institute, Hamilton, ON, Canada. (22)Hamilton Health Sciences, Hamilton, ON, Canada. (23)Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine,  Baltimore, MD, 21205, USA. (24)Department of Epidemiology and Prevention, Division of Public Health  Sciences, Wake Forest University School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (25)Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Beijing, 100730, China. (26)Department of Epidemiology, School of Public Health, University of Michigan,  Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (27)Human Genetics and STDOI, University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Edinburg,  TX, USA. (28)Department of Biostatistics and Center for Statistical Genetics, University  of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (29)Digital Health Center, Digitl Engineering Faculty of Hasso Plattner Institue  and University Potsdam, Potsdam, Germany. (30)Hasso Plattner Institute for Digital Health at Mount Sinai, Icahn School of  Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (31)Center for Diabetes Research, Wake Forest University School of Medicine,  Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (32)Center for Genomics and Personalized Medicine Research, Wake Forest  University School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (33)Department of Biochemistry, Wake Forest University School of Medicine,  Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (34)Health Data Research UK Oxford, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (35)Cardiovascular Health Research Unit, Department of Medicine, University of  Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (36)Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology and Diabetes, Keck School  of Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (37)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Brigham and Women's Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA. (38)Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (39)Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health, National University of Singapore and  National University Health System, Singapore, 117549, Singapore. (40)Genomic Research on Complex diseases, CSIR-Centre for Cellular and Molecular  Biology (CSIR-CCMB), Hyderabad, India. (41)Lightening Lives, Hyderabad, India. (42)Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Academia Sinica, Taipei, 11529, Taiwan. (43)Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104, USA. (44)Division of Translational Medicine and Human Genetics, University of  Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, 19104, USA. (45)Singapore Eye Research Institute, Singapore National Eye Centre, Singapore,  168751, Singapore. (46)The Institute for Translational Genomics and Population Sciences, Department  of Pediatrics, The Lundquist Institute for Biomedical Innovation at Harbor-UCLA  Medical Center, Torrance, CA, 90502, USA. (47)Wellcome Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK. (48)Department of Biostatistical Sciences, Division of Public Health Sciences,  Wake Forest University Health Sciences, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (49)Department of Public Health Sciences and Center for Public Health Genomics,  University of Virginia School of Medicine, Charlottesville, VA, USA. (50)Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences Academic Clinical Program (Eye ACP),  Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore, 169857, Singapore. (51)Department of Ophthalmology, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National  University of Singapore and National University Health System, Singapore,  119228, Singapore. (52)Centre for Innovation and Precision Eye Health, Yong Loo Lin School of  Medicine, National University of Singapore, Singapore, 119228, Singapore. (53)Biomedical Science, Hallym University, Chuncheon, 24252, South Korea. (54)Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism,  National Taiwan University Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (55)College of Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan. (56)Unidad de Investigación Médica en Bioquimica, Hospital de Especialidades,  Centro Medico Nacional Siglo XXI, IMSS, Mexico City, Mexico. (57)Department of Medicine, University of Vermont, Colchester, VT, USA. (58)Department of Internal Medicine, Section on Endocrinology and Metabolism,  Wake Forest University School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (59)Department of Medicine, University of Texas Health Science Center at San  Antonio, San Antonio, TX, USA. (60)Department of Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya, Sri  Lanka. (61)Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel  Hill, NC, 27599, USA. (62)Department of Biostatistics, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (63)Department of Medicine, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada. (64)California Pacific Medical Center Research Institute, San Francisco, CA,  USA. (65)Laboratory of Epidemiology and Population Sciences, National Institute on  Aging, National Institutes of Health, Baltimore, MD, USA. (66)Wolfson Institute of Population Health, Queen Mary University of London,  London, UK. (67)Diabetes Unit and Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General  Hospital, Boston, MA, 2114, USA. (68)Institute of Molecular Medicine, University of Texas Health Science Center  at Houston, Houston, TX, USA. (69)Department of Internal Medicine, Wake Forest University School of Medicine,  Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (70)Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública, Cuernavaca, Mexico. (71)Division of Endocrinology & Metabolism, The Lundquist Institute for  Biomedical Innovation at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA, 90502, USA. (72)Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism,  Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (73)Department of Epidemiology, Gillings School of Global Public Health,  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (74)Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, University of Minnesota,  Minneapolis, MN, 55454, USA. (75)Human Genetics Center, School of Public Health, The University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX, USA. (76)Department of Anthropology, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA. (77)Center for Genetic Medicine, Northwestern University Feinberg School of  Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA. (78)Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Northwestern  University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA. (79)Laboratory for Endocrinology, Metabolism and Kidney Diseases, RIKEN Centre  for Integrative Medical Sciences, Yokohama, 230-0045, Japan. (80)Department of Biostatistics, Carolina Population Center, University of North  Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, 27599, USA. (81)Department of Internal Medicine, Diabetes and Metabolism Research Center,  Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (82)Shanghai-MOST Key Laboratory of Health and Disease Genomics, Shanghai  Institute for Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Technologies (SIBPT), Shanghai,  200032, China. (83)Center for Global Cardiometabolic Health, Brown University, Providence, RI,  USA. (84)Department of Epidemiology, Brown University School of Public Health,  Providence, RI, USA. (85)Division of Endocrine and Metabolism, Tri-Service General Hospital Songshan  Branch, Taipei, Taiwan. (86)School of Medicine, National Defense Medical Center, Taipei, Taiwan. (87)Department of Precision Medicine, Division of Genome Science, National  Institute of Health, Chungcheongbuk-do, 28159, Republic of Korea. (88)Department of Medicine, Section of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Taipei  Veterans General Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (89)School of Medicine, National Yang-Ming University, Taipei, Taiwan. (90)Department of Environmental and Preventive Medicine, Jichi Medical  University School of Medicine, Shimotsuke, 329-0498, Japan. (91)Department of Anti-aging Medicine, Ehime University Graduate School of  Medicine, Ehime, 791-0295, Japan. (92)U Chicago Research, Uttara, Dhaka, 1230, Bangladesh. (93)Department of Gene Diagnostics and Therapeutics, Research Institute,  National Center for Global Health and Medicine, Tokyo, 162-8655, Japan. (94)Rothschild Foundation Hospital, Paris, France. (95)Singapore Eye Research Institute, Singapore National Eye Center, Singapore. (96)Privatpraxis Prof Jonas und Dr. Panda-Jonas, Heidelberg, Germany. (97)Beijing Visual Science and Translational Eye Research Institute (BERI),  Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital, Tsinghua Medicine, Tsinghua University,  Beijing, China. (98)L V Prasad Eye Institute, Hyderabad, Telangana, India. (99)Department of Health and Biomedical Informatics, Northwestern University  Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA. (100)Department of Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Vanderbilt University  Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (101)Laboratory for Statistical and Translational Genetics, RIKEN Centre for  Integrative Medical Sciences, Yokohama, 230-0045, Japan. (102)Laboratory of Complex Trait Genomics, Department of Computational Biology  and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of  Tokyo, Tokyo, 108-8639, Japan. (103)Departments of Clinical Diabetes, Endocrinology & Metabolism and  Translational Research and Cellular Therapeutics, City of Hope, Duarte, CA, USA. (104)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, MA, 2215,  USA. (105)Department of Public Health, Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya,  Sri Lanka. (106)Department of Clinical Gene Therapy, Osaka University, Osaka, 565-0871,  Japan. (107)Department of Geriatric and General Medicine, Graduate School of Medicine,  Osaka University, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan. (108)Center for Genomic Medicine, Kyoto University Graduate School of Medicine,  Kyoto, 606-8507, Japan. (109)Center for Health Information Partnerships, Institute for Public Health and  Medicine, Northwestern UniversityFeinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA. (110)Department of Medicine, Division of General Internal Medicine and  Geriatrics, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL,  USA. (111)Genome Institute of Singapore, Agency for Science, Technology and Research,  Singapore, 138672, Singapore. (112)Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore, 169857, Singapore. (113)Health Services and Systems Research, Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore,  169857, Singapore. (114)Department of Regional Resource Management, Ehime University Faculty of  Collaborative Regional Innovation, Ehime, 790-8577, Japan. (115)Department of Cardiology, Ealing Hosptial, London North West Healthcare NHS  Trust, Middlesex, UB1 3HW, UK. (116)Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA. (117)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Endocrinology, Boston Children's  Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (118)Department of Medicine, University of Colorado Denver, Anschutz Medical  Campus, Aurora, CO, USA. (119)Department of Anthropology, Sociology and History, University of San  Carlos, Cebu City, 6000, Philippines. (120)Severance Biomedical Science Institute and Department of Internal Medicine,  Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul, 3722, South Korea. (121)Soonchunhyang Institute of Medi-bio Science, Cheonan, 31151, South Korea. (122)Translational Medicine and Human Genetics, Department of Medicine,  University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (123)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Peking University Health  Science Centre, Beijing, 100191, China. (124)Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel  Hill, NC, USA. (125)Department of Medicine, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National  University of Singapore and National University Health System, Singapore,  117549, Singapore. (126)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, Duke University School of  Medicine, Durham, NC, USA. (127)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, The Joe Wen School of  Population & Pubic Health, UCI, Irvine, CA, USA. (128)Center for Global Cardiometabolic Health and Nutrition, the University of  California, Irvine (UCI), Irvine, CA, USA. (129)Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, UCI,  USA. (130)Center for Global Cardiometabolic Health, Brown University School of Public  Health, Providence, RI, USA. (131)Department of Biostatistics and Data Science, University of Texas Health  Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX, USA. (132)Salt Lake City VA Medical Center, Salt Lake City, UT, USA. (133)University of Utah, School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, UT, USA. (134)Department of Advanced Genomic and Laboratory Medicine, Graduate School of  Medicine, University of the Ryukyus, Okinawa, 903-0213, Japan. (135)Division of Clinical Laboratory and Blood Transfusion, University of the  Ryukyus Hospital, Okinawa, 903-0213, Japan. (136)Wellcome Centre for Human Genetics, Nuffield Department of Medicine,  University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK. (137)Department of Medicine and Epidemiology, Johns Hopkins University,  Baltimore, MD, 21205, USA. (138)Oxford NIHR Biomedical Research Centre, Oxford University Hospitals Trust,  Oxford, UK. (139)Oxford Centre for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metabolism, Radcliffe  Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (140)Department of Preventative Medicine, Keck School of Medicine of the  University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (141)Division of General Internal Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Boston, MA, 2114, USA. (142)Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Nelson R Mandela School of  Medicine, College of Health Sciences, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South  Africa. (143)Department of Medicine and Endocrinology Division, University of California  Davis School of Medicine, Sacramento, CA, USA. (144)Department of Integrated Health Sciences, Nagoya University Graduate School  of Medicine, Nagoya, 461-8673, Japan. (145)Laboratory of Neurogenetics, National Institute on Aging, National  Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (146)Center for Alzheimer's and Related Dementias, National Institutes of  Health, Bethesda, MD, USA. (147)DataTecnica LLC, Washington, DC, USA. (148)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia School of Medicine,  Charlottesville, VA, USA. (149)Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of  Medicine, Tokyo, 565-0871, Japan. (150)Laboratory of Statistical Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center  (WPI-IFReC), Osaka University, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan. (151)Laboratory for Systems Genetics, RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical  Sciences, Yokohama, Japan. (152)Division of Epidemiology and Community Health, School of Public Health,  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, 55454, USA. (153)Department of Pathology and Molecular Medicine, McMaster University,  Hamilton, ON, Canada. (154)Department of Internal Medicine, Seoul National University College of  Medicine and Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul, 3080, South Korea. (155)Department of Internal Medicine, Konkuk University Medical Center, Seoul,  3080, South Korea. (156)Department of Anthropology, University of Toronto at Mississauga,  Mississauga, Canada. (157)Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary, Allergy, Critical Care, and  Sleep Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (158)Cardiovascular Health Research Unit, Departments of Medicine, Epidemiology,  and Health Systems and Population Health, University of Washington, Seattle, WA,  USA. (159)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Genetic and Genomic Medicine, UCI  Irvine School of Medicine, Irvine, CA, USA. (160)Department of Preventive Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL,  USA. (161)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care, and Sleep Medicine, Beth Israel  Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, MA, USA. (162)Department of Epidemiology, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (163)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA,  USA. (164)Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Taichung  Veterans General Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan. (165)Institutes of Molecular and Genomic Medicine, National Health Research  Institutes, Taiwan. (166)Survey Research Center, Institute for Social Research, University of  Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (167)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: H.C.G.
Conflict of interest statement: R.D. reports fees from L’Oreal, Frazier  Healthcare Partners, Pfizer, DWA, and VisualDx for consulting; stock options  from MDAcne and Revea for advisory board; and research funding from UCB.
BACKGROUND: Large language model (LLM) chatbots demonstrate high degrees of  accuracy, yet recent studies found that physicians using these same chatbots may  score no better to worse on clinical reasoning tests compared to the chatbot  performing alone with researcher-curated prompts. It is unknown how physicians  approach inputting information into chatbots. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify how physicians interacted with LLM  chatbots on clinical reasoning tasks to create a typology of input approaches,  exploring whether input approach type was associated with improved clinical  reasoning performance. METHODS: We carried out a mixed methods study in three steps. First, we  conducted semi-structured interviews with U.S. physicians on experiences using  an LLM chatbot and analyzed transcripts using the Framework Method to develop a  typology based on input patterns.
Conflict of interest statement: Jason Hom reports Being an advisor for Cognita  Imaging and having equity optionsJonathan Chen has received additional research  funding support in part by NIH/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious  Diseases (1R01AI17812101)NIH-NCATS-Clinical & Translational Science Award  (UM1TR004921)NIH/National Institute on Drug Abuse Clinical Trials Network  (UG1DA015815 - CTN-0136)Stanford Bio-X Interdisciplinary Initiatives Seed Grants  Program (IIP) [R12] [JHC]NIH/Center for Undiagnosed Diseases at Stanford (U01  NS134358)Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence  (HAI)Jonathan Chen reports being Co-founder of Reaction Explorer LLC that  develops and licenses organic chemistry education software.Paid medical expert  witness fees from Sutton Pierce, Younker Hyde MacFarlane, Sykes McAllister, and  Elite Experts.Paid consulting fees from ISHI Health.Paid honoraria or travel  expenses for invited presentations by General Reinsurance Corporation, Cozeva,  and other industry conferences, academic institutions, and health systems.Dr  Rodman reports additional research funding paid in part by: Josiah Jr.
The Authors. Publishing Services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi  Communications Co.
The Authors. Publishing Services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi  Communications Co.
The Authors. Publishing Services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi  Communications Co.
Author information: (1)Modern Urology For Africa (MUFA), Casablanca, Morocco. (2)Urology Unit, Department of Surgery, Douala Laquintinie Hospital, Douala,  Cameroon. (3)Urology Unit, Worabe Comprehensive Specialized Hospital, Worabe, Ethiopia. (4)Urology Unit, Department of Surgery, Hôpital Universitaire La Renaissance,  N'djamena, Chad. (5)Urology and Andrology Unit, Department of Surgery and Subspecialties, Yalgado  Ouédraogo Teaching Hospital, Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. (6)Department of Surgery and Subspecialty, Faculty of Medicine and Biomedical  Sciences, University of Yaoundé I, Yaoundé, Cameroon. (7)Department of Surgery, Presbyterian Church of East Africa (P.C.E.A) Chogoria  Hospital, Chogoria, Kenya.
Conflict of interest statement: 6.Conflict of interest The Regents of the  University of California are the sole owner of patents and patent applications  directed at epigenetic biomarkers for which Steve Horvath is a named inventor;  SH is a founder and paid consultant of the non-profit Epigenetic Clock  Development Foundation that licenses these patents.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests R.Z. and H.Z. are  co-inventors on a patent application related to this work (US Provisional Patent  App No.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures Y.S. and S.A. have a pending patent  on the inhibition of ID proteins to treat IPF.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Interests N.U.F.D. has a  financial interest in Turing Medical Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: COMPETING INTERESTS J.R.M.
Author information: (1)Department of Gastroenterology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao  University, Qingdao, Shandong 266500, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Institute of Analytical Chemistry and Instrument for Life Science, The Key  Laboratory of Biomedical Information Engineering of Ministry of Education,  School of Life Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an,  Shaanxi, 710049, P.R. China.
BackgroundAlzheimer's disease (AD) is an irreversible neurodegenerative disorder  characterized by progressive cognitive and memory decline. Accurate prediction  of high-risk individuals enables early detection and better patient  care.ObjectiveThis study aims to enhance MRI-based AD classification through  advanced image preprocessing, optimal feature selection, and ensemble deep  learning techniques.MethodsThe study employs advanced image preprocessing  techniques such as normalization, affine transformation, and denoising to  improve MRI quality.
Chronic Pain Prevalence, Opioid Use, and Primary Care Provider Opioid  Prescription Patterns in the U.S. from 2017 to 2019 Derived from Medicaid Claims  Data.
Chronic non-cancer pain (CNCP) is a major health concern in the United States,  incurring substantial healthcare costs and frequently requiring opioid therapy  in primary care. This retrospective cross-sectional study used Medicaid claims  data from six U.S. states (Indiana, Georgia, Colorado, Ohio, New Mexico, Nevada)  from 2017-2019 to estimate chronic pain prevalence and describe opioid use among  primary care providers' patient populations.
Chronic non-cancer pain (CNCP) is a prevalent global health issue with  substantial impacts on quality of life, healthcare resources, and opioid  prescribing in primary care. Advances in electronic health records enable  large-scale ("big data") analyses to identify risk factors and prescribing  patterns. We aimed to map literature applying big data approaches to understand  CNCP prevalence, patient characteristics, and opioid prescription patterns in  primary care. We searched five databases and grey literature (2010-2022) for  observational studies using large cohorts (≥ 33, 028) of adults with CNCP (≥ 3  months), at least one opioid prescription, and a primary care setting. Three  studies met inclusion criteria, all from U.S. medical claims.
Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most common cancers worldwide,  ranking fourth in cancer-related mortality. Prognostic risk prediction for HCC  patients can optimize treatment strategies, assess therapeutic efficacy, and  ultimately improve post-operative survival rates. Pathological slides are  considered the gold standard for cancer diagnosis and prognosis, playing a  crucial role in prognostic risk stratification. However, in addition to  pathological slides, clinical text information also contains significant  prognostic value that cannot be ignored.To address this, we propose a  text-driven multimodal fusion prognostic GCN.
Author information: (1)School of Medicine, University of St.Gallen (HSG).
Author information: (1)Institute for Medical Informatics (IMISE), University of Leipzig, Germany. (2)TMF - Technologie- und Methodenplattform für die vernetzte medizinische  Forschung e.V., Berlin, Germany.
Author information: (1)Institute of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, College of Life Sciences,  China Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan. (2)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Institute of Biochemistry and  Molecular Biology, Research Center for Cancer Biology, Cancer Biology and  Precision Therapeutics Center, and Center for Molecular Medicine, China Medical  University, Taichung, Taiwan. (3)Department of Biotechnology, Asia University, Taichung, Taiwan. (4)Institute of Integrated Medicine and Chinese Medicine Research Center, China  Medical University, Taichung, Taiwan. (5)Department of Surgery, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (6)Department of Surgery, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (7)TMU Research Center of Cancer Translational Medicine, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (8)Department of Pathology, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (9)Department of Pathology, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (10)Ph.D. Program in Medical Neuroscience, College of Medical Science and  Technology, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, Samsung Medical Center, Sungkyunkwan University  School of Medicine, 81 Irwon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 06351, Republic of Korea. (2)Alzheimer's Disease Convergence Research Center, Samsung Medical Center, 81  Irwon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 06351, Republic of Korea. (3)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg,  Medicinaregatan 3, Göteborg, 413 90, Sweden. (4)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Blå  stråket 7, Göteborg, 413 45, Sweden. (5)Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, UCL Institute of Neurology, Queen  Square, London, WC1N 3BG, UK. (6)UK Dementia Research Institute at UCL, Queen Square, London, WC1N 3BG, UK. (7)Hong Kong Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong,  P.R. China.
Author information: (1)School of Medicina, Universidad de La Sabana, Chía, Colombia. (2)Internal Medicine Department, Universidad de la Sabana, Km 7, Northern  highway. Chía, Cundinamarca, 140013, Colombia. (3)School of Medicina, Universidad de La Sabana, Chía, Colombia.  alirio.bastidas@unisabana.edu.co. (4)Internal Medicine Department, Universidad de la Sabana, Km 7, Northern  highway. Chía, Cundinamarca, 140013, Colombia. alirio.bastidas@unisabana.edu.co. (5)Department of Critical Care Medicine, Extracorporeal Life Support Unit  (USVEC), Fundación Clínica Shaio, Bogotá, D.C, Colombia.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of General Biochemistry and Physical Pharmacy, Faculty of  Pharmaceutical Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (2)Biophotonics Research Group, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (3)Cancer Research Institute Ghent (CRIG), Ghent, Belgium. (4)Laboratory of Experimental Cancer Research, Faculty of Medicine and Health  Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (5)VIB Center for Inflammation Research, Ghent, Belgium. (6)Department of Biomedical Molecular Biology, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (7)Department of Biomolecular Health Sciences, Faculty of Veterinary Sciences,  Utrecht University, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (8)Ghent Light Microscopy Core Facility, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (9)Institute of Bioengineering of Catalonia (IBEC), Smart Nano-Bio-Devices  Group, Barcelona, Spain. (10)CDL Research, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (11)Ghent Research Group on Nanomedicines, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium. (12)Laboratory of General Biochemistry and Physical Pharmacy, Faculty of  Pharmaceutical Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.  Kevin.Braeckmans@UGent.
Author information: (1)Department of Data Science, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston,  Massachusetts, USA. (2)Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. (3)Department of Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University, Stanford,  California, USA. (4)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was approved by Reina Sofía University Hospital  Institutional Review Board (code HURS-4785), which waived the requirement for  written informed consent. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: J.T.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,  Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (2)Nestlé Product Technology Center-Nutrition, Société Des Produits Nestlé S.A.  Vevey, Vevey, Switzerland.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.R. is co-founder of LUCA  Biologics, a biotechnology company focusing on translating microbiome research  into live biotherapeutic drugs for women’s health.
Author information: (1)Environmental Genomics & System Biology Division, Lawrence Berkeley National  Laboratory, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA, USA. (2)Comparative Biochemistry Program, University of California, Berkeley, CA,  USA. (3)Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo, Consejo Superior de  Investigaciones Científicas, Universidad Pablo de Olavide, and Junta de  Andalucía, Seville, Spain. (4)Universidad Loyola Andalucía, School of Health Sciences, Seville Campus,  41704, Dos Hermanas, Seville, Spain. (5)Octant, Inc., Emeryville, CA, USA. (6)Department for BioMedical Research (DBMR), University of Bern, Bern,  Switzerland. marco.osterwalder@unibe.ch. (7)Department of Cardiology, Bern University Hospital, Bern, Switzerland.  marco.osterwalder@unibe.ch. (8)Environmental Genomics & System Biology Division, Lawrence Berkeley National  Laboratory, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA, USA. AVisel@lbl.gov. (9)U.S. Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley,  CA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: LQ, WR, JJ, WZ, SG, and HH  are inventors on 2 patent applications related to this work, filed by the  Lanzhou University Second Hospital and Gansu Yimin Biotechnologies (no.  202410453832.2 and no. 202411739635.3). The authors declare no competing  interest. Ethics approval and consent to participate: This study was approved by  the Ethics Committee of the Second Hospital and Clinical Medical School of  Lanzhou University.All animal experiments were approved by the Laboratory Animal  Ethics Committee ofthe Second Hospital and Clinical Medical School of Lanzhou  University (Approval No.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.E.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare no  competing interests. Inclusion & Ethics: The authors have carefully considered  researcher contributions and authorship criteria of multi-region collaboration  to promote greater equity in this collaborative project. Experimental protocols  for measurement of brain activity in macaque monkeys were approved by the Animal  Care and Use Committee of the Salk Institute (MT data) and Institutional Animal  Care and Use Committee of the Washington University (PRR data); these protocols  conform to U.S. Department of Agriculture regulations and to the National  Institutes of Health guidelines for the humane care and use of laboratory  animals.
Author information: (1)JC School of Public Health and Primary Care, Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese  University of Hong Kong, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong, China.
Copyright © 2025 The Committee on Space Research (COSPAR). Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (2)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA;  Signal and Image Processing Institute, Ming Hsieh Department of Electrical and  Computer Engineering, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (3)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA;  Department of Interventional Cardiology and Angiology, Institute of Cardiology,  Warsaw, Poland. (4)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA;  Department of Cardiac Sciences, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada. (5)Cardiology Division, Montefiore Health System/Albert Einstein College of  Medicine, NY, USA. (6)Department of Radiology (Nuclear Medicine), Montefiore Medical Center and  Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY, USA. (7)Department of Nuclear Cardiology, Ignacio Chavez National Institute of  Cardiology, Mexico City, Mexico; Faculty of Medicine, National Autonomous  University of Mexico, Mexico City, Mexico. (8)Department of Nuclear Cardiology, Ignacio Chavez National Institute of  Cardiology, Mexico City, Mexico. (9)Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, David Geffen School of  Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA; West Los Angeles  Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (10)Houston Methodist DeBakey Heart & Vascular Center, Houston Methodist  Academic Institute, Houston, TX, USA. (11)Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, and Department of Radiology,  Columbia University Irving Medical Center and New York-Presbyterian Hospital,  New York, USA. (12)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale  University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut, USA. (13)Department of Advanced Biomedical Sciences, University of Naples Federico  II, Naples, Italy. (14)Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute, Intermountain Healthcare,  Murray, UT, USA; Department of Internal Medicine, University of Utah, Salt Lake  City, UT, USA. (15)Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute, Intermountain Healthcare,  Murray, UT, USA. (16)Section of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, Rush University Medical  Center, Chicago, IL, USA. (17)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (18)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Cardiac Imaging, University Hospital Zurich,  Zurich, Switzerland. (19)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, The University of Kansas Medical  Center, Kansas City, KS, USA. (20)Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, University of Ottawa Heart  Institute, ON, Canada. (21)Cardiovascular Imaging Program, Departments of Radiology and Medicine;  Division of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging, Department of Radiology; and  Cardiovascular Division, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital,  Boston, MA, USA. (22)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA, USA.  Electronic address: Piotr.Slomka@cshs.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective. Reconstructing high-quality images from corrupted measurements  remains a fundamental challenge in medical imaging. Recently, deep unrolling  (DUN) methods have emerged as a promising solution, combining the  interpretability of traditional iterative algorithms with the powerful  representation capabilities of deep learning. However, their performance is  often limited by weak information flow between iterative stages and a  constrained ability to capture global features across stages-limitations that  tend to worsen as the number of iterations increases.Approach.
Conflict of interest statement: M. Arvanitakis has received lecture fees from  Boston Scientific (2024 ongoing). M. Bronswijk’s department has received trial  support from Boston Scientific (2021 ongoing). T. Beyna has received consultancy  and lecture fees from Olympus, Boston Scientific, and MicroTech, and lecture  fees from Cook (all ongoing); his department has received research  support/grants from Olympus, Boston Scientific, MicroTech, and Cook. M.  Ellrichmann has received consultancy fees from Boston Scientific (2015 ongoing)  and MicroTech (2023 ongoing). I. Hritz has received consultancy and training  fees from Olympus (2018 ongoing) and consultancy and speaker’s fees from  MicroTech (2023 ongoing). M. Spadaccini has received speaker’s fees from Boston  Scientific (2023–2024). G.J.M.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou  510515, China; Ward 1 of the Radiotherapy Department, The First Affiliated  Hospital of Hainan Medical University, Haikou 570102, P.R. China.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal  relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this  paper. P.Dazzan was not involved in the Editorial process of this paper for the  journal Schizophrenia Research.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: S. Al-Araji received speaker honoraria from  Roche and funding from Sanofi to attend ECTRIMS. M Moccia received funding by  the MUR PNRR Extended Partnership (MNESYS no. PE00000006); and in the last 3  years has received honoraria from Biogen, BMS Celgene, Ipsen, Merck, Novartis,  Roche, and Sanofi-Genzyme. A. Jha received funding from the Wellcome Trust and  the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) University College London  Hospitals Biomedical Research Centre; has research support from Novartis; and  received consulting fees from Sanofi/Genzyme, Merz, and Britannia. A. Eshaghi  received research grants from the Medical Research Council (MRC), National  Institute for Health and Social Care Research (NIHR), Innovate UK, Biogen,  Merck, and Roche; has served as an advisory board member of Merck Serono and  Bristol Myers Squib; is the founder and equity stakeholder in Queen Square  Analytics Limited; and serves on the editorial board of Neurology® (American  Academy of Neurology). A. Bianchi has received a research grant from the Italian  Society of Neurology and is an ECTRIMS-MAGNIMS Fellow. C. Yam is a Cleveland  Clinic London PhD Neuroscience Fellow. O. Abdel-Mannan received funding from the  Association of British Neurologists, the MS Society, and the Berkeley  Foundation. G. Pontillo received research grants from ECTRIMS-MAGNIMS and ESNR.  W.J. Brownlee has received speaker honoraria and/or acted as a consultant for  Biogen, Janssen, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi, and Viatris.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurosurgery, Orthopaedic Associates of Duluth P.A, Duluth, MN,  USA.
Efforts to understand the tumor microenvironment through basic science research  and the cancer genome atlas (TCGA) data analysis have led to the creation of  unique immune transcriptomic signatures from tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes  (TIL). However, no pan-cancer analysis has been conducted to compare the  prognostic performance of these signatures using overall survival (OS) or  progression-free interval (PFI) as endpoints. We compiled a library of 146  TIL-immune signatures and evaluated gene signature score correlation with OS and  PFI for 9,961 available TCGA samples across 33 tumor types. Zhang CD8 TCS  demonstrated higher accuracy in prognosticating both OS and PFI across the  pan-cancer landscape; however, variability was seen across cancer types and germ  cell origin. Cluster analysis compiled a group of six signatures (Oh.Cd8.MAIT,  Grog.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacology and Cardiovascular Center, Louisiana State  University Health Sciences Center, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. (2)Department of Cardiac Surgery, Smidt Heart Institute, Cedars-Sinai Medical  Center, Los Angeles, California, USA; Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology,  Faculty of Pharmacy, Zagazig University, Zagazig, Egypt. (3)Department of Cardiac Surgery, Smidt Heart Institute, Cedars-Sinai Medical  Center, Los Angeles, California, USA. (4)Department of Anesthesiology, Medicine and Physiology, David Geffen School of  Medicine at University of California, Los Angeles, California, USA. (5)Gordian Biotechnology, South San Francisco, California, USA. (6)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Heart, Vascular and Thoracic  Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Center of Microbiome and  Human Health, Department of Cardiovascular and Metabolic Sciences, Lerner  Research Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Cleveland, Ohio, USA. (7)Molecular Pharmacology and Physiology, University of South Florida, Tampa,  Florida, USA. (8)Department of Chemistry, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, USA. (9)Vascular Metabolism Laboratory, Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Baton  Rouge, Louisiana, USA. (10)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Heart, Vascular and Thoracic  Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Ohio, USA. (11)Center of Microbiome and Human Health, Department of Cardiovascular and  Metabolic Sciences, Lerner Research Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland,  Cleveland, Ohio, USA. (12)Northwestern University Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago,  Illinois, USA. (13)Institute of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Goethe University, Frankfurt am  Main, Germany. (14)Department of Cardiac Surgery, Smidt Heart Institute, Cedars-Sinai Medical  Center, Los Angeles, California, USA. Electronic address: David.Lefer@cshs.
Conflict of interest statement: E.S. is a paid consultant and holds equity in  Complement One, a US‐based company whose services relate to physical activity  and the contents of this article.
AimThis study aims to systematically analyze the global research landscape of  polymeric materials in surgical applications, identifying core themes,  technological trends, and clinical translation potential over the past  decade.MethodsA bibliometric analysis was conducted using the Web of Science  Core Collection (2016-2025).
Conflict of interest statement: Dr. Ray received funding from the U.K.  Engineering and Physical Sciences Council, the U.K. National Institute of Health  Research, the U.K. Research and Innovation/Horizon Europe, and La Roche; he  received support for article research from the National Institute for Health  Research Great Ormond Street Hospital Biomedical Research Centre.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: C. Song, None; S. Myung, None; H.  Cho, None; T.G. Kim, None; S.
Conflict of interest statement: R.S.W.
Conflict of interest statement: J.L.D.
Author information: (1)Shanghai Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Zhongshan Hospital and  Institutes of Biomedical Sciences (P.G., M.C., X.W., H.Z., Lin Li, C.Y., J.Y.,  J.G., Liliang Li, Y.Z.), Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Feb;30(Suppl 2):S23909. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Dec;30(12):124502. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Patient Prefer Adherence. 2025 Jul 31;19:2227-2249. doi: 10.2147/PPA.S527922.
Conflict of interest statement: DECLARATION OF INTERESTS M.R. and Y.Z. are  inventors on an issued patent that describes Biowire technology.
INTRODUCTION: Social determinants of health (SDOHs) are nonmedical influences on  healthcare, including sociocultural and economic factors. The purpose of this  study was to determine if preoperative International Classification of Disease,  tenth revision (ICD-10) code diagnoses of SDOH were predictive of increased  complication following primary total shoulder arthroplasty (TSA) in Medicaid  patients. METHODS: The National Readmissions Database was queried from 2016 to 2020 to  identify Medicaid patients with preoperative diagnoses of SDOH (n = 275) and  Medicaid patients without preoperative diagnoses of SDOH (n = 5297) undergoing  elective primary TSA. Regression analysis was used to identify independent  predictors of complications, increased cost, and increased hospital length of  stay (LOS). RESULTS: Diagnoses of SDOH were correlated with increased odds of 180-day  readmission and mortality, increased surgical site infection, and increased cost  and LOS. Following regression analysis, diagnoses of SDOH were not independently  predictive of any complication, readmission, or mortality, but were predictive  of increased LOS. CONCLUSION: ICD-10 code diagnoses of SDOH were independently predictive of  increased LOS in Medicaid patients undergoing primary TSA, but were not  independently predictive of complications, readmission, mortality, or increased  cost. This study focused on a population with less economic variance than  previous studies. In a population economically disadvantaged, these findings  provide insightful considerations for physicians and patients given the  increased resource utilization associated.Level of evidence: Level III -  Retrospective cohort study.
OBJECTIVES: This scoping review will aim to map the clinical pathways for  patients undergoing adult hip, knee, or shoulder arthroplasties. The review will  also map the indicators and measurement tools used to evaluate the effectiveness  of these pathways. INTRODUCTION: Clinical pathways are structured, multidisciplinary care plans  designed to standardize and optimize patient care. Clinical pathways reduce  clinical heterogeneity, decrease malpractice risk, ensure high-quality care, and  lower costs. The evidence characterizing these pathways and their evaluation  indicators remains fragmented. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: This review will consider studies of any type; on hip,  knee, and shoulder arthroplasty; performed on adults; that describe clinical  pathways, including their components, implementation, and evaluation. METHODS: This review will follow the JBI methodology for scoping reviews. A  3-step search strategy will be used to identify published and unpublished  studies across multiple databases: PubMed, CINAHL (EBSCOhost), Scopus, Web of  Science Core Collection, and the Cochrane Library. Gray literature will also be  searched for. Studies published in English, Portuguese, and Spanish will be  included, with no date limitations on the searches. Two independent reviewers  will screen study titles, abstracts, and full texts, and extract data using a  pre-defined extraction form. Data will be presented in tabular format and  synthesized narratively. REVIEW REGISTRATION: OSF: https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/YSRW8.
Author information: (1)Institute of Allergology, Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Corporate  Member of Freie Universität Berlin and Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin,  Germany. (2)Fraunhofer Institute for Translational Medicine and Pharmacology ITMP,  Immunology and Allergology, Berlin, Germany. (3)Faculty of Pharmacy, Lebanese University, Beirut, Lebanon. (4)Gilbert and Rose-Marie Chagoury School of Medicine, Lebanese American  University, Beirut, Lebanon. (5)Department of Primary Care and Population Health, University of Nicosia  Medical School, Nicosia, Cyprus. (6)Institut National de Santé Publique d'Épidémiologie Clinique et de  Toxicologie-Liban (INSPECT-LB), Beirut, Lebanon. (7)Tediax B.V. Sterrenbos 5, Valburg, the Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: A. Gutsche, P. Salameh, A. Salehzadeh‐Yazdi, A.  Kasperska‐Zajac, M. Zajac, M. Zamłyński, C. A. S. Parisi, C. McDougall, E.  Kovalkova, N. Streliaev, G. Andrenova, M. M. Aliabadi, and L. Kiefer declare no  conflicts of interest. S. Jahandideh reports no conflict of interest, he is a  cofounder of Tediax B.V. which is a startup that develops GenAI algorithms.
Background and ObjectiveMachine learning models offer a practical approach for  estimating body fat percentage from simple anthropometric data. However, the  scarcity of biomedical data frequently leads to model overfitting, compromising  predictive accuracy. Generative data augmentation presents a promising strategy  to address this limitation. This study develops and evaluates a generative data  augmentation framework to enhance body fat prediction from limited  anthropometric data.MethodsA public dataset comprising 249 male subjects was  partitioned into development (80%) and test (20%) sets.
The acquisition and retention of primary research data is fundamental to the  reliability of and public trust in biomedical research. However, researchers are  often unaware of or confused by applicable data retention requirements, in part  due to the divergent requirements set forth by federal agencies, grant programs,  and research institutions, as well as other applicable requirements under law,  contract, and policy. This article summarizes current U.S. data retention  standards applicable to biomedical research, including how institutional  research retention practices have sought to reflect these standards, and  discusses the importance of data retention in the context of research  professionalism, data sharing efforts, intellectual property issues, and  research integrity challenges, which increasingly have been the subject of much  public interest.
BackgroundThe present prospective, real-world study aims to assess  anti-calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) monoclonal antibodies (mAbs)  effectiveness across three consecutive one-year treatment cycles by means of a  conservative intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis.MethodsWe enrolled 179 subjects  (75.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This article does not contain any studies with human participants  or animals performed by any of the authors. Research was approved by ethical  committee of Tabriz University of Medical Sciences [ethics code:  IR.TBZMED.VCR.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was conducted in compliance with the Declaration of  Helsinki and was approved by the institutional review boards or independent  ethics committees at each site. All patients provided written informed consent  prior to participation in any study-related activities. Competing interests:  E.L.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was approved by the Gran Canaria ethics  committee (Committee on Ethics and Research with Drugs of the Province of Las  Palmas, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain; approval code: CEIm H.U.G.C. Dr.
In this investigation, alkali metals including lithium (Li), sodium (Na),  potassium (K), rubidium (Rb) and cesium (Cs) have been served as hybrid  materials for batteries cells. A vast study on H-capture by “LiRb (Ge5Si5O20),  LiCs(Ge5Si5O20), NaRb(Ge5Si5O20), NaCs(Ge5Si5O20), KRb(Ge5Si5O20),  KCs(Ge5Si5O20)” was probed using computational approaches due to density state  analysis of charge density differences, total density of states, projected  density of states, overlap projected density of states, and localized orbital  locator for hydrogenated hybrid clusters of “LiRb(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2,  LiCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2, NaRb(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2, NaCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2,  KRb(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2, KCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2”. As the benefits of “lithium, sodium or  potassium” over “Ge/Si” possess its higher electron and “hole motion”,  permitting “Li, Na, K” devices to operate at higher frequencies than “Ge/Si”  devices. Regarding optimized energy, KRb(Ge5Si5O20), KRb(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2,  KCs(Ge5Si5O20), and KCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2 heteroclusters have shown more stability  than LiRb(Ge5Si5O20), LiRb(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2, LiCs(Ge5Si5O20), LiCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2,  NaRb(Ge5Si5O20), NaRb(Ge5Si5O20) − 2H2, NaCs(Ge5Si5O20), NaCs(Ge5Si5O20)–2H2  heteroclusters. In this research, hydrogen energy sources on functionalized 2D  materials by metals have been shown as promising alternatives for clean energy  systems. In a particular way, we have demonstrated here that (Ge5Si5O20) weakly  adsorbs H2. At the same time, the Li/Na/K decoration significantly enhances the  H2 interaction, accommodating to H2 molecules by a stronger physisorption.  Doping Rb or Sc on Ge5Si5O20 can increase battery capacity through LiRb  (Ge5Si5O20), LiCs(Ge5Si5O20), NaRb(Ge5Si5O20), NaCs(Ge5Si5O20), KRb(Ge5Si5O20),  KCs(Ge5Si5O20) nanoclusters for hydrogen adsorption process and could improve  the rate performances by enhancing electrical conductivity. A small portion of  “Rb or Cs” entered the “Ge–Si” layer to replace the Li, Na or K sites might  improve the structural stability of the electrode material at high multiplicity,  thereby improving the capacity retention rate. Among these, LiRb (Ge5Si5O20),  NaRb(Ge5Si5O20) and KRb(Ge5Si5O20) pretend to show the most hope in terms of  “Rb” doping which can augment the capacity owing to higher surface capacitive  impacts.To be specific, a scalable method is developed to fabricate the  nanocomposite which acts as a simulated anode for Li-ion intercalation and  subsequent Li alkali metal (Na, K/Rb, Cs) alloys owing to enhanced  lithiophilicity and sufficient ion-conducting pathways.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.M.N.
Author information: (1)Center for Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering, Medical University  Vienna, Vienna, Austria. (2)Chair of Biological Imaging, Central Institute for Translational Cancer  Research (TranslaTUM), School of Medicine and Health & School of Computation,  Information and Technology, Technical University of Munich, Munich, Germany. (3)Institute of Biological and Medical Imaging, Bioengineering Center, Helmholtz  Zentrum München, Neuherberg, Germany. (4)Early Cancer Institute, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. (5)Department of Histopathology, Cambridge University Hospital, Cambridge, UK. (6)Chair of Livestock Biotechnology, School of Life Sciences, Technical  University of Munich, Munich, Germany. (7)RayFos: Scientific Software, Basingstoke, UK. (8)SONAXIS S.A., Besançon, France.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: V.N. is a founder and  equity owner of Maurus OY, sThesis GmbH, iThera Medical GmbH, Spear UG and I3  Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Ethical committee approval and informed consent were waived because  this was a retrospective service evaluation study registered with our  institution’s Quality and Safety Information System (ID 2961 with registration  number PRN8961), with board approval to publish obtained in January 2025.  Research Ethics Committee of South Birmingham approval (IRAS ID 50895) and  informed consent were obtained for the independent cohort of genetically  confirmed BHDS patients recruited in the Molecular Pathology of Human Genetic  Disease study. Consent for publication: The clinical case included and discussed  in this manuscript provided written consent for publication. Competing  interests: G.D.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: H.L., S.H., I.T., W.L.,  H.F. and J.P.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethics approval and consent to participate: The  study was approved by the ethics committee of the Medical Faculty of the Zahedan  University of Medical Sciences (IR.ZAUMS.REC.
Author information: (1)Department of Animal Biology, Faculty of Science, University of Douala, P.O  Box 24157, Douala, Cameroon.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate {24}: This research is fully in accordance with the Declaration of  Helsinki. This clinical trial has been approved by Qingdao Women and Children’s  Hospital (ethics approval number: QFELL-KY-2020-33).Written informed consent to  participate in the study will be obtained from all eligible participants.
BACKGROUND: The growing frequency and severity of natural disasters threaten  global health and socioeconomic stability. As frontline responders, nurses play  a critical role in disaster preparedness and response. Taking into account the  lack of research on the various influence factors associated with nurses'  disaster preparedness, This research aimed to systematically summarize the  influencing factors and quantitative data, and conduct a meta-analysis. It  provides a reference for related nursing research and the formulation of  management policies. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. DATA SOURCES: Systematic search of PubMed, Web of Science, EMbase, Cochrane  Library,EBSCO,China Biomedical Literature Database (Sinomed), China Knowledge  Network Journal Database (CNKI), Wanfang Database,and Chinese Science and  Technology Journal Database (Weipu) from the time of database construction to  February 2025. METHODS: The researcher completed literature selection,quality assessment,data  extraction, and analysis of all included literature.Mean scores on the Nurse  Disaster Preparedness Rating Scale and their effect sizes were summarised using  Meta-analysis in the Stata 18.
Author information: (1)Department of Life Sciences, School of Science, University of Management and  Technology (UMT), Lahore, 54770, Pakistan. (2)Department of Chemistry, School of Science, University of Management and  Technology, Lahore, 54770, Pakistan. (3)Centre for Applied Molecular Biology, University of the Punjab, Lahore,  Pakistan. (4)Nanomaterials Research Center, Department of Chemistry, College of Science,  Mathematics, and Technology, Wenzhou-Kean University, Wenzhou, 325060, Zhejiang  Province, China. abahadur@wku.edu.cn. (5)Dorothy and George Hennings College of Science, Mathematics and Technology,  Kean University, 1000 Morris Ave, Union, NJ, 07083, USA. abahadur@wku.edu.cn. (6)Nottingham Ningbo China Beacons of Excellence Research and Innovation  Institute, University of Nottingham Ningbo China, Ningbo, 315100, China.  shahidgcs10@yahoo.com. (7)Low Dimensional Materials Research Center, Khazar University, AZ1096, Baku,  Azerbaijan. (8)Faculty of Science and Technology, ILMA University, Karachi, Pakistan. (9)Center for Scientific Research and Entrepreneurship, Northern Border  University, Arar, 73213, Saudi Arabia. (10)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Ajman University, Ajman, UAE.  f.jaber@ajman.ac.ae. (11)Center of Medical and Bio-Allied Health Sciences Research, Ajman University,  Ajman, UAE. f.jaber@ajman.ac.ae. (12)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Ajman University, Ajman, UAE. (13)Center of Medical and Bio-Allied Health Sciences Research, Ajman University,  Ajman, UAE. (14)Department of Physics, College of Science, Princess Nourah bint Abdulrahman  University, P.O. Box 84428, Riyadh, 11671, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering & Biotechnology, Khalifa University,  P.O. Box: 127788, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston,  Massachusetts, USA. (2)Scripps Research Translational Institute, La Jolla, California, USA. (3)Division of Pediatric Genetics, University of California, San Diego,  California, USA. (4)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
As the number of systemic agents available for the treatment of  moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) continues to increase, it is likely  that patients may need or want to switch from one treatment to another. Owing to  differences in the mechanism of action, the systemic agents abrocitinib (an oral  Janus kinase 1-selective inhibitor) and dupilumab (an injectable interleukin 4  alpha antagonist) are associated with distinct efficacy and safety profiles. Two  recent publications have examined the efficacy and safety of long-term  abrocitinib in patients previously treated with dupilumab. In this podcast  article, two dermatologists discuss the management of moderate-to-severe AD and  highlight factors to consider before changing therapies in the context of these  recent studies, focusing on switching from dupilumab to abrocitinib  treatment.Below is the link to the electronic supplementary material.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.R., M.L., and S.A.S.
Author information: (1)Institut d'Investigacions Biomèdiques August Pi i Sunyer (IDIBAPS),  Barcelona, Spain. (2)Gyala Therapeutics S.L., Barcelona, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: PM is a cofounder of  OneChain ImmunoTx, a spin-off company unrelated to this work. LP, MAU, SP, and  NKG are employees of Gyala Therapeutics S.L., NKG is partially employed by Gyala  Therapeutics S.L., a spin-off company of the Hospital Clínic of Barcelona  related to this work.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Q.W. is the co-founder of  Sharper Sense.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: J.C.  Consulting/Advisor: Roche, AstraZeneca, Seattle Genetics, Daiichi Sankyo, Lilly,  Merck Sharp&Dohme, Leuko, Bioasis, Clovis Oncology, Boehringer Ingelheim,  Ellipses, Hibercell, BioInvent, Gemoab, Gilead, Menarini, Zymeworks, Reveal  Genomics, Scorpion Therapeutics, Expres2ion Biotechnologies, Jazz  Pharmaceuticals, Abbvie, BridgeBio, Biontech, Biocon, Circle Pharma.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The forcecardiography  sensors used to acquire the FCG signals described in this manuscript are  protected by the patent WO/2021/072493. The electro-resistive bands used to  acquire the respiratory signals described in this manuscript are protected by  the patent WO/2015/077839. E.A., G.D.G.
Author information: (1)Computational Neuropsychiatry Lab, Department of Medical Neurosciences,  Faculty of Medicine, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Israel. (2)The Rachel and Selim Benin School of Computer Science and Engineering, The  Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Israel. (3)Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew  University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Israel. (4)Leenaards Memory Center, Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Lausanne  University Hospital and University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland..  Electronic address: gilles.Allali@chuv.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)National Heart Research Institute Singapore, National Heart Centre Singapore,  Singapore; CVS.AI, National Heart Research Institute of Singapore, Singapore;  Duke-NUS Medical School, National University of Singapore, Singapore; Department  of Cardiology National Heart Centre Singapore, Singapore.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures Dr Branch  has received research grants from the National Institutes of Health, Population  Health Research Institute, Bayer, Kestra, and Medic One Foundation; and  consulting fees from Bayer, Janssen, Amgen, Kestra, Hanmi, and Cleerly. Dr  Budoff has received grant support from General Electric. Dr Blankstein has  served as a consultant and received research support from Amgen, Novartis,  Nanox.AI, and HeartFlow; and has served as a consultant for Caristo.
Obtaining informed consent in paediatrics is an essential yet ethically complex  aspect of clinical practice. Children have varying levels of autonomy and  understanding based on their age and developmental maturity, with parents  traditionally playing a central role in decision-making. However, there is  increasing recognition of children's evolving capacities and their right to be  involved in care decisions, raising questions about facilitating meaningful  consent, or at least assent, in complex medical situations.Large language models  (LLMs) may offer a partial solution to these challenges.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Milan, Italy. (2)Respiratory Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. (3)Respiratory and Critical Care Unit, IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria  di Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (4)Alma Mater Studiorum, Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC),  University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (5)Department of Public Health and Infectious Diseases, Sapienza University of  Rome, Rome, Italy. (6)Respiratory and Critical Care, Policlinico Umberto I Hospital, Rome, Italy. (7)Respiratory Diseases Section, Department of Basic Medical Science  Neuroscience and Sense Organs, Aldo Moro University of Bari, A.O.U.C Policlinico  of Bari, Bari, Italy.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Hacettepe University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Pediatric Surgery,  Ankara, Turkey. Electronic address: ozlemboy80@yahoo.com. (2)Hacettepe University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Division  of Social Pediatrics, Ankara, Turkey. (3)Hacettepe University Institute of Public Health, Department of Health  Research, Ankara, Turkey. (4)Weill Cornell Medical College, Department of Pediatrics, Pediatric  Gastroenterology, New York, USA. (5)Samuel J. Wood Library and C.V. Starr Biomedical Information Center, Weill  Cornell Medical College, New York, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests PJL received study and  travel support from the Minderoo Foundation; and consulting fees from the Centre  Scientifique de Monaco. SD received travel support from the Minderoo Foundation  and Centre Scientifique de Monaco; and is employed by the Minderoo Foundation.  CS is employed by and received travel support from the Minderoo Foundation; and  is on the data safety monitoring board for Murdoch Children's Research  Institute. JM received grants from the Minderoo Foundation, Fondation Didier et  Martine Primat, Minerva Stiftung, the Adessium Foundation, the Broad Reach  Foundation, the Marisla Foundation, the Spronck Foundation, the Sympany  Foundation, the Norwegian Research Council and Norwegian University of  Technology Trondheim, and the European Commission Utrecht; honoraria from the  Pew Charitable Trust, Japan Endocrine-Disruptor Preventive Action, and HEJ  Support; travel support from Gordon Research Conference on Environmental  Endocrine Disruptors 2024, Zero Waste Europe, the Stoelzle Group, Boston College  (MA, USA), Uppsala Health Summit, New York University Plastics Summit,  Heinrich–Böll–Stiftung, and the Plastic Health Council; was on the advisory  board for the MOMENTUM project and the UN Global Plastics Treaty; is a committee  member for Bio Suisse; is member of the foundation board for Global Footprint  Network; is Director of the FAN Initiative Foresight Analyses Nexus; and is a  member of the steering board for the Scientists' Coalition for an Effective  Plastics Treaty. MS is employed by, receives support, and travel support from  the Monterey Bay Aquarium; is Chair of Environmental Health Matters Initiative  Committee on Microplastics and Health Webinars for the National Academy of  Sciences; and is the Chair of Expert Group on Plastic Pollution for the  International Science Council. BCA received sup-port from New York University  (NY, USA) for attending the NYU Langone Health Summit 2024. MC received grants  and travel support from the Minderoo Foundation. LF received support from Boston  College (MA, USA); and consults as an independent consultant to Monterey Bay  Aquarium and the Forum on Trade, Environment and SDGs. RK received grants from  Pew Charitable Trusts, Duke University (NC, USA), the Food and Agriculture  Organization, the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the UN Development  Programme, and ClimateWorks; travel support from University of Portsmouth (UK);  and is a member of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and  Medicine's Roundtable on Plastics Committee. TM received support from the  Minderoo Foundation; grants from the Resolve Foundation and Plastics Solutions  Fund; and has a leadership or fiduciary role for the Climate Policy Initiative,  the Asia Reuse Consortium, and Break Free From Plastic. DMM received travel  support from the Minderoo Foundation. YM received support from the Minderoo  Foundation. YP received support from the Minderoo Foundation. CAV received  grants from the UK Research Innovation and Global Challenges Research Fund,  Grid-Arendal, The World Bank Group via UN Operations and International Union for  Conservation of Nature, and the EU via UK Research Innovation grant agreement;  consulting fees from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD), EMG, the Resources and Waste Advisory Group (with funds from GIZ), the  ICF (with funds from The Pew Charitable Trusts), and MARS (via Imperial  Consultants); honoraria from Frontiers, Brunel University (UK), and Imperial  College London (UK); travel support from The UN Environment Programme  International Environmental Technology Centre and Global Partnership on Marine  Litter, Boston College (MA, USA), the International Solid Waste Association,  University of the Aegean, the National Technical University of Athens (Greece),  Yildiz Technical University (Türkiye), and the British Embassy Athens and  Athanasios C Laskaridis Charitable Foundation; is on the steering committee for  Systemiq Indonesia; is Chair of the International Solid Waste Association Marine  Litter Task Force; is on the policy and innovation forum for the Chartered  Institution of Wastes Management; and is the owner and Director of Fuelogy. MW  received grants from the Norwegian Environment Agency; travel support from the  Geneva Graduate Institute and the Food Packaging Forum Foundation; is a member  of the scientific advisory board for the Food Packaging Forum Foundation; and is  on the steering committee for the Scientists' Coalition for an Effective  Plastics Treaty. ZW received grants from the Swiss National Science Foundation  (180544), the EU Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation (grant 101036756), the  Swiss Federal Office for the Environment (8T20/17.0103.PJ), the Swiss Federal  Office of Public Health (18.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.-C.P., H.U., and S.B.  have filed a patent application based on this work.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.P.C.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest H.I received honoraria  from AstraZeneca, Boehringer-Ingelheim, Kyorin, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and  Sanofi; H.I received a research funding from GlaxoSmithKline and Omron; H.I.  received subsidies or donations from Boehringer-Ingelheim and Shin Nippon  Biomedical Laboratories; K.T. received honoraria from Astrazeneca; The other  authors have no conflicts of interest.
Author information: (1)Gerstner Sloan Kettering Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, 417 E 68th  St, New York, NY 10065, USA. Electronic address: LevinB@MSKCC.Org.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, Samsung Medical Center, Sungkyunkwan University  School of Medicine, 81 Irwon-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 06351, Republic of Korea. (2)Department of Neurology, Asan Medical Center, Ulsan University School of  Medicine, 88, Olympic-ro 43-gil, Songpa-gu, Seoul, 05505, Republic of Korea. (3)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg, Blå stråket  15, vån 3 SU/Sahlgrenska 413 45, Göteborg, 41345, Sweden. (4)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Blå  stråket 15, vån 3 SU/Sahlgrenska 413 45, Göteborg, 41345, Sweden. (5)Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, UCL Institute of Neurology, Queen  Square, London, WC1N 3BG, UK. (6)UK Dementia Research Institute at UCL, London, WC1N 3BG, UK. (7)Hong Kong Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases, Clear Water Bay, 999077,  Hong Kong, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Sassari, Viale San Pietro  43/B, 07100, Sassari, Italy. (2)Department of Mechanical, Chemical, and Materials Engineering, University of  Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy. (3)Department of Medicine, Surgery and Pharmacy, University of Sassari, Sassari,  Italy. (4)Unit of Urology, University Hospital of Sassari (A.O.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflicts of interest: The authors  declare no conflicts of interest. Ethical approval: The study was conducted in  accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and approved by the Ethics Committee  COMITATO ETICO INDIPENDENTE—Azienda Ospedaliero Universitaria di Cagliari P.O.  San Giovanni di Dio: via Ospedale 54 – 09124 Cagliari.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele, MI,  Italy. (2)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Alessandro Manzoni, 56, 20089, Milan,  Rozzano, Italy. (3)Kerckhoff Heart Center, Bad Nauheim, Germany. (4)Montefiore Einstein Center for Heart and Vascular Care, Montefiore Medical  Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY, USA. (5)Department of Cardiac, Thoracic and Vascular Sciences and Public Health,  University of Padova, Padua, Italy. (6)Clinique Pasteur, Toulouse, France. (7)U.O.C.
This study aimed to evaluate the standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) of  non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) in patients with Sjögren's disease (SjD) compared to  the general population. Additionally, it sought to identify independent  predictors of lymphoma and estimate both the relative risk (RR) and the  etiologic fraction in exposed individuals (EFE) to assess the contribution of  lymphoma to mortality in this population. This observational, multicenter,  prospective study was conducted using data from a well-characterized Spanish  cohort of patients with SjD. SIRs were calculated using data from the National  Cancer Registry, and independent predictors of lymphoma were identified through  multivariate Cox regression models. The RR was employed to assess the impact of  lymphoma on mortality. A total of 314 patients with SjD were followed for a  median of 9.5 years (range: 9.2-9.9). Eleven patients (3.5%) developed NHL,  resulting in an SIR of 15.36 (95% CI: 15.32-15.40) compared to the general  population. Cryoglobulinemia was identified as the strongest independent  predictor of lymphoma (HR: 11.07; 95% CI: 1.18-103.75).Patients with SjD face a  markedly elevated risk of NHL, primarily driven by cryoglobulinemia.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neurobiology, Heersink School of  Medicine, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, Alabama. (2)Georgetown University Medical School, Washington, DC. (3)Hassman Research Institute, Marlton, New Jersey. (4)Collaborative Neuroscience Network Garden Grove, Garden Grove, California. (5)Instituto Internacional de Neurociencias Aplicadas Barcelona, Barcelona,  Spain. (6)Hospital Universitari Son Espases, Servicio de Psiquiatría, UIB, IdISBa,  Palma de Mallorca, Spain. (7)Psychiatric Medicine Associates, LLC, Skokie, Illinois. (8)Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, East Hanover, New Jersey. (9)Novartis Biomedical Research, Cambridge, Massachusetts. (10)Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland. (11)McGill University, Montreal, Québec, Canada. (12)Corresponding Author: Mark P. Healy, PhD, Global Discovery Chemistry,  Novartis Biomedical Research, 22 Windsor St, Cambridge, MA 02478  (mark.healy@novartis.com). (13)Beam Therapeutics, Cambridge, Massachusetts. (14)Novartis Pharma S.A.S.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin corporate  member of Freie Universität Berlin and Humboldt Universität zu Berlin, Berlin,  Germany. (2)Diagnostic Image Analysis Group, Radboud University Medical Center, Nijmegen,  the Netherlands. (3)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, School of Medicine and  Health, Klinikum rechts der Isar, TUM University Hospital, Technical University  of Munich, Munich, Germany. (4)Athinoula A. Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging, Massachusetts General  Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Charlestown, Mass. (5)Institute of Radiology, University Hospital Erlangen,  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität (FAU) Erlangen-Nürnberg, Erlangen, Germany. (6)Laboratory for Computer Aided Medical Procedures, Technical University of  Munich, Munich, Germany. (7)Chair for AI in Medicine and Healthcare, Klinikum rechts der Isar, Technical  University Munich, Munich, Germany. (8)Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK. (9)Institute for Advanced Study, Technical University Munich, Munich, Germany. (10)Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) Program, Mass General Brigham,  Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass. (11)Departments of Radiation Oncology and Radiology, Dana-Farber Cancer  Institute and Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Mass. (12)Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, CARIM & GROW, Maastricht University,  Maastricht, the Netherlands. (13)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University Hospital  Aachen, Aachen, Germany. (14)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, Medical Center -  University of Freiburg, Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg,  Germany. (15)Berlin Ultrahigh Field Facility (B.U.F.F.), Max Delbrück Center for  Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association, Berlin, Germany.
BackgroundNeonates are more susceptible to acute respiratory failure than older  children. It is unknown to what extent high-flow nasal cannula (HFNC) alters  intrathoracic pressure (ITP), potentially decreasing cardiac output (CO) due to  cardiopulmonary interactions. This study evaluated the impact of flow titration  on tracheal pressure (a surrogate for ITP) and CO via HFNC in an established  porcine model of neonatal respiratory failure. Unlike prior research, this study  examines both ITP and CO demonstrating that although the ITP increased with  higher HFNC flows, CO did not decrease.MethodsTwenty-three neonatal  Landrace-Yorkshire pigs (2-4 kg) were anesthetized, and monitoring lines were  placed.
Oral candidiasis (OC) is caused by Candida albicans, targeting immunocompromised  individuals and developing drug resistance, highlighting the need for advanced  therapeutics. Polyphenols such as caffeic acid phenethyl ester (CAPE) and  ellagic acid (EA) display antifungal and immune-modulating properties.  Incorporating CAPE and EA in gellan gum (GG) formulation enhances their  applicability and effectiveness against OC. We developed GG-based formulations  loaded with CAPE (1,000 µg/mL), EA (1,000 µg/mL), or CAPE + EA (1,000 µg/mL  each) against C. albicans. GG formulations containing gellan (0.6% and 1.0%),  genipin (5 mM), polyethylene glycol 400 (0.5%), and sorbitan monooleate 80  (0.5%) demonstrated enhanced release of CAPE and EA. The 0.6% GG formulation  reduced C. albicans CFU by 2-6 log10 within 30 min (P < 0.05) and biofilm mass  by 48% (CAPE, P = 0.0034), 60.7% (EA, P = 0.0980), and 70% (CAPE + EA, P =  0.0181). Both 0.6% and 1.0% GG formulations inhibited hyphae (P < 0.0001). GG  formulations showed high viability of human red blood cells (92%-94%) and human  gingival cells (61%-69%). In artificial chewing simulations (ACS), 0.6% GG  exhibited 67.7% (30 min), 55.9% (60 min), and 35.8% (120 min) for CAPE release,  and 48.2% (30 min), 45.1% (60 min), and 42.1% (120 min) for EA. In 1% GG, about  44.07% (30 min), 43.8% (60 min), and 29.5% (120 min) of CAPE and 55.8% (30 min),  49.6% (60 min), and 50.6% (120 min) of EA were released. The present study is  the first to evaluate the efficacy of CAPE- and EA-loaded GG formulations  against C. albicans under ACS, thereby supporting their potential development  for OC treatment.IMPORTANCECandida albicans causes OC and presents challenges  due to rising antifungal resistance and recurrence in immunocompromised  patients.
T.S. Waris, S.T. Abbas Shah, A.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disease  involving Th2 cytokine-driven inflammation. AD patients are at risk of  developing conjunctivitis, including atopic keratoconjunctivitis (AKC), a  sight-threatening chronic allergic eye disease involving both Th2 and Th1/17  cytokine-driven inflammation.In AD, dupilumab is highly effective by inhibiting  interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-13.
Conflict of interest statement: A.F.T.A., H.B., M.G., K.D.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Ethics declarations A.C.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement E.E.K.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest J.D. is a member of the  scientific advisory board of Arima Genomics, San Diego, CA, USA and Omega  Therapeutic, Cambridge, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests The contents do not  represent the views of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs or the United  States Government.
Conflict of interest statement: 6.Conflict of interest The authors declare no  conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: J.H.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: Y.Y. has  received lecture fees from Bayer Healthcare, Bristol Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and  Daiichi Sankyo, and grant support from 10.
Author information: (1)Department of Bacteriology, College of Agricultural and Life Sciences,  University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA. (2)Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology Graduate Program, School of Medicine and  Public Health, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA. (3)Wisconsin Alzheimer's Disease Research Center, School of Medicine and Public  Health, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA. (4)Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Penzberg, Germany. (5)Roche Diagnostics International Ltd, Rotkreuz, Switzerland. (6)Wisconsin Alzheimer's Institute, School of Medicine and Public Health,  University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA. (7)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg; Mölndal,  Sweden. (8)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital; Mölndal,  Sweden. (9)Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, UCL Institute of Neurology; Queen  Square, London, UK. (10)UK Dementia Research Institute at UCL; London, UK. (11)Hong Kong Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases; Inn,6,oHK, Hong Kong,  China. (12)Centre for Brain Research, Indian Institute of Science; Bangalore, India. (13)Paris Brain Institute, ICM, Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne University;  Paris, France. (14)Neurodegenerative Disorder Research Center, Division of Life Sciences and  Medicine, and Department of Neurology, Institute on Aging and Brain Disorders,  University of Science and Technology of China and First Affiliated Hospital of  USTC; Hefei, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Institute of Epidemiology and Social Medicine, University of Münster,  Münster, Germany. (2)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, School of Public Health,  Imperial College London, London, UK. (3)Centre for Neuroscience, Surgery and Trauma, Blizard Institute, Queen Mary  University of London, London, UK. (4)Icelandic Heart Association, Kopavogur, Iceland. (5)Faculty of Medicine, Department of Health Sciences, University of Iceland,  Reykjavik, Iceland. (6)Laboratory of Behavioral Neuroscience, National Institute on Aging,  Baltimore, Maryland, USA. (7)International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC/WHO), Nutrition and  Metabolism Branch, Lyon, France. (8)Department of Psychiatry, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (9)Ageing and Epidemiology Unit (AGE), School of Public Health, Imperial College  London, London, UK. (10)Lübeck Interdisciplinary Platform for Genome Analytics (LIGA), University of  Lübeck, Lübeck, Germany. (11)Institute for Risk Assessment Sciences, Utrecht University, Utrecht, The  Netherlands. (12)Université Paris-Saclay, UVSQ, Inserm, Gustave Roussy, CESP, Villejuif,  France. (13)Cancer Epidemiology Unit, Nuffield Department of Population Health,  University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (14)Department of Epidemiology, Murcia Regional Health Council, Biomedical  Research Institute of Murcia-IMIB, Murcia, Spain. (15)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Epidemiología y Salud Pública  (CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain. (16)Institute of Translational Psychiatry, University of Münster, Münster,  Germany. (17)Instituto de Salud Pública y Laboral de Navarra, Pamplona, Spain. (18)Navarre Institute for Health Research (IdiSNA), Pamplona, Spain. (19)Biogipuzkoa Health Research Institute, San Sebastian, Gipuzkoa, Spain. (20)Ministry of Health of the Basque Government, Sub-Directorate for Public  Health and Addictions of Gipuzkoa, San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Spain. (21)Escuela Andaluza de Salud Pública (EASP), Granada, Spain. (22)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs.GRANADA, Granada, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests N.F. is an employee and  stockholder of Novartis.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Feb;30(Suppl 2):S23907. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Y.B. is currently employed  by Huawei (Hong Kong) and declares no competing financial interests.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: T.J.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Biochemistry, Maastricht University, Maastricht, The  Netherlands. (2)Leibniz-Institut für Analytische Wissenschaften-ISAS-e.V., Dortmund, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: F.A.S.
Int J Mol Cell Med. 2025 Jul 1;14(2):777-792. doi: 10.22088/IJMCM.BUMS.
DOI: 10.22088/IJMCM.BUMS.
Author information: (1)Department of Research and Development, EcoWorld Pharm Co., Ltd, South Korea.  akshat@ecoworldpharm.com. (2)Terasaki Institute for Biomedical Innovation, Los Angeles, CA 90024, USA. (3)Dr. D.Y. Patil Medical College, Hospital and Research Centre, Dr.
ObjectiveTo investigate whether lower limb proprioception and postural control  strategies are impaired in people with non-specific low back pain.Data sourcesA  literature search was performed in the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, PubMed,  Embase and Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, between  January 2000 and June 2025.Review methodsStudies comparing lower limb  proprioception and postural control strategies in adults with non-specific low  back pain versus asymptomatic controls were included.
Author information: (1)Institute for Sport and Physical Activity Research, School of Sport Science  and Physical Activity, University of Bedfordshire, Bedford, UK. (2)Centre for Preventive Neurology, Wolfson Institute of Population Health,  Barts and the London School of Medicine and Dentistry, Queen Mary University of  London, London, UK. (3)Institute for Sport and Physical Activity Research, School of Sport Science  and Physical Activity, University of Bedfordshire, Bedford, UK.  Julia.Fruer@beds.
Author information: (1)K.G. Jebsen Center for Cardiac Biomarkers, Institute of Clinical Medicine,  University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.L.M.
Author information: (1)Experimental Pathology and Therapeutics Group, Research Centre of IPO Porto  (CI- IPOP)/RISE@CI-IPOP (Health Research Network), Portuguese Oncology Institute  of Porto (IPO Porto), Porto Comprehensive Cancer Centre (Porto.CCC), Porto,  4200-072, Portugal.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.W.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethical declarations: The ethical declaration  was obtained from the Ethics Committee of Tehran University of Medical Sciences  (Ethics code: IR.TUMS.IKHC.REC.
Author information: (1)Porto Conte Ricerche S.R.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: O.H. is an employee of Eli  Lilly and Lund University, and he has previously acquired research support (for  Lund University) from AVID Radiopharmaceuticals, Biogen, C2N Diagnostics, Eli  Lilly, Eisai, Fujirebio, GE Healthcare, and Roche.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: R.L. and Q.C. are  co-inventors on a patent application covering the function of polymers presented  in this report.
Author information: (1)School of Biomedical Engineering, Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou,  China. (2)Department of Rehabilitation Sciences, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University,  Kowloon, Hong Kong. (3)International Collaboration On Repair Discoveries, University of British  Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada. (4)Division of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Department of Medicine,  University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada. (5)Department of Orthopaedics and Traumatology, Bone Quality and Health Centre  and Center of Aging in Musculoskeletal Degeneration and Regeneration, The  Chinese University of Hong Kong, Sha Tin, Hong Kong. (6)Department of Health Technology and Informatics, The Hong Kong Polytechnic  University, Kowloon, Hong Kong. (7)Department of Medicine & Therapeutics, Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese  University of Hong Kong, Sha Tin, Hong Kong. (8)Department of Rehabilitation Sciences, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University,  Kowloon, Hong Kong. Marco.Pang@polyu.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.-S.K. and G.
Author information: (1)Biomedical, Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Department of Medicine,  University of Verona, Verona, Italy. (2)Department of Neurosciences, Biomedicine and Movement, University of Verona,  Verona, Italy. (3)Fondazione Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli, IRCCS-Epidemiology &  Biostatistic, Rome, Italy. (4)Section of Innovation Biomedicine - Oncology Area, Department of Engineering  for Innovation Medicine (DIMI), University of Verona and University and Hospital  Trust (AOUI) of Verona, P. Le L.A. Scuro 10, 37134, Verona, Italy.
Author information: (1)SSL Europe, Hospital Garcia Orta, ULS Almada-Seixal, Almada, Portugal; Lisbon  School of Medicine of the University of Lisbon, Portugal. (2)Department of Cardiology, Hospital Garcia Orta, ULS Almada-Seixal, Almada,  Portugal. Electronic address: ana.rita.pereira@ulsas.min-saude.pt. (3)Department of Cardiology, Hospital Garcia Orta, ULS Almada-Seixal, Almada,  Portugal. (4)SSL Europe, Cardiology Clinic, Clinical Centre of Serbia, Faculty of  Medicine, University of Belgrade, Serbia. (5)SSL South Africa, Department of Family Medicine, Steve Biko Academic  Hospital, Faculty of Health Sciences University of Pretoria, South Africa. (6)SSL Iran, Rajaie Cardiovascular Medical and Research Center, Iran University  of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran. (7)SSL Russia, Academician of the Russian Academy of Science, A.V. Vishnevsky  Institute of Surgery, Moscow, Russia.
Author information: (1)NIHR MindTech Medtech Co-operative, Institute of Mental Health, University of  Nottingham, Nottingham, UK. (2)School of Applied Social Sciences, De Montfort University, Leicester, UK. (3)Mental Health & Clinical Neurosciences, School of Medicine, University of  Nottingham, Nottingham, UK. (4)NIHR MindTech Medtech Co-operative, Institute of Mental Health, University of  Nottingham, Nottingham, UK Camilla.Babbage@nottingham.
Author information: (1)H. Shucheng, MD, PhD, MPH, Department of Dermatology and Venereology, West  China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China, and Department of Biomedical  Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, California, USA. (2)A.W. Armstrong, MD, MPH, Department of Dermatology, University of California  Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California, USA.
ObjectivesTo address the prevalence and risk factors of suicidal outcomes in  people with mild cognitive impairment or dementia.MethodsFour databases were  searched for studies reporting data on the prevalence or the risk of a suicidal  event, in people with a clinical diagnosis of MCI or dementia.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Life Sciences, Laser Zentrum Hannover e.V., Hannover, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Shinya Goto received a modest personal fee from  Amgen, Merck Sharp and Dohme (MSD), Jansen Pharma, and Antos Therapeutics. S.G.  received honoraria from the American Heart Association for serving as an  Associate Editor for Circulation, and from Duke University and Harvard  University for serving as a Steering Committee Member for Clinical Trials.
Major histocompatibility complex class I-related protein 1 (MR1) plays a central  role in the immune recognition of infected cells and can mediate T cell  detection of cancer. Knowledge of the nature of the ligands presented by MR1 is  still sparse and has been limited by a lack of efficient approaches for MR1  ligand discovery. Here, we present a cross-linking strategy to investigate  Schiff base-bound MR1 ligands. Our methodology employs reductive amination to  stabilize the labile Schiff base bond between MR1 and its ligand, allowing for  the detection of ligands as covalent MR1 adducts by mass spectrometry-based  proteomics. We apply our approach to identifying vitamin B6 vitamers pyridoxal  and pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP) as MR1 ligands and show that both compounds are  recognized by T cells expressing either A-F7, a mucosal-associated invariant T  (MAIT) cell T cell receptor (TCR), or MC.7.G5, an MR1-restricted TCR reported to  recognize cancer cells, highlighting them as immunogenic MR1 ligands.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests F.M., M.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Assistant Professor, University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco  Veterans Affairs Health Care System, San Francisco, California USA (2)Clinical Professor, University of California, San Francisco, Zuckerberg San  Francisco General Hospital, San Francisco, California USA (3)Professor in Residence. University of California, San Francisco, San  Francisco Veterans Affairs Health Care System, San Francisco, California USA (4)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (5)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (6)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (7)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (8)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (9)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (10)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
Bariatric surgery can result in substantial weight loss and significant  metabolic improvements. Therefore, postoperatively, clinicians should be  prepared to taper treatments for weight-related chronic metabolic diseases. For  patients with type 2 diabetes, early and dramatic improvements in glucose  homeostasis require anticipatory management. This includes insulin dose  reductions, discontinuation of certain oral agents, and close monitoring.  Antihypertensive medications should be adjusted to avoid hypotension. Even after  postoperative improvements in dyslipidemia, some patients will continue to meet  criteria for statin therapy. While many obesity-related diseases will improve,  clinicians should also be prepared to manage postoperative medical and  nutritional complications. Micronutrient deficiencies are common, and  professional guidelines provide recommendations for preoperative screening,  universal postoperative supplementation, micronutrient monitoring, and repletion  strategies. Changes in gastrointestinal physiology may result in dumping  syndrome, and patients may report early gastrointestinal and vasomotor symptoms  after eating. In contrast, post-bariatric hypoglycemia is a rare complication of  malabsorptive procedures, resulting in insulin-mediated hypoglycemia after  carbohydrate-containing meals. Rapid weight loss may increase the risk of  cholelithiasis, which can be mitigated by ursodiol. After malabsorptive  procedures, enteric hyperoxaluria and other factors may result in  nephrolithiasis, which can be addressed with hydration, dietary interventions,  and calcium. All bariatric operations induce a high bone turnover state, with  declining bone mineral density (BMD) and increased fracture risk. Appropriate  strategies include adequate calcium and vitamin D supplementation and targeted  BMD screening. Long-term strategies to prevent weight regain include adherence  to comprehensive lifestyle interventions and identification and avoidance of  medications that promote weight gain and may include weight management  medications. In summary, given dramatic physiologic changes with bariatric  surgery, clinicians should be prepared to taper treatments for chronic metabolic  diseases, to manage postoperative medical and nutritional complications, and to  identify and manage risk for weight regain. For complete coverage of all related  areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text,  WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
RATIONALE: There is no universal objective measure of the effect of sedation on  brain activity and how to differentiate it from sleep. In patients with early  acute hypoxemic respiratory failure (AHRF) we used the Odds Ratio Product (ORP),  an electroencephalography (EEG)-based metric used to quantify the sleep-wake  continuum. Despite patients behaviorally appearing asleep, we observed and  quantified novel EEG patterns previously unobserved during natural sleep, and  hypothesized these unnatural EEG patterns (EEG Ups ) reflect the effect of  sedation. OBJECTIVES: To explore the relevance of EEG Ups (never or extremely rarely seen  in sleep studies) and their association with sedation at the early phase of  AHRF. METHODS AND MEASUREMENTS: prospective cohort study including patients  mechanically ventilated for AHRF and PaO 2 /FiO 2 <200 mmHg receiving various  sedation-opioids regimens and doses as per clinical indication. Continuous EEG  monitoring was performed from study inclusion until extubation, death, or up to  seven days. EEG quantified the relative power of each frequency band (slow  delta, fast delta + theta, alpha-sigma, beta) and determine the frequency of EEG  Ups . MAIN RESULTS: 1832 hours of EEG recordings were analyzed (mean±SD 43±25  hours/patient) from 23 patients (median[25-75% IQR] 58[48-70] years; 87% male  PaO 2 /FiO 2 150[116-198] mmHg; ICU mortality 22%). EEG Ups accounted for 42% of  the total recording time overall, differed among drug combinations and exceeded  50% with some sedation-opioid combinations. Brief wake intrusions, a marker of  physiological sleep, were extremely low. EEG Ups prevalence was higher with  sedation-opioid combinations (P≤0.029), high sedation dose (P≤0.035), deeper  clinical sedation score (P≤0.024), and was associated with ICU mortality  (P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Continuous intravenous sedation results in EEG Ups which are not  present in natural sleep, correlate with dose of sedation, clinical sedation  score and clinical outcomes.ClinicalTrials.
Conflict of interest statement: I have read the journal's policy and the authors  of this manuscript have the following competing interests. The authors declare  the following competing interests: G.B.M.
Conflict of interest statement: S.A, SM.P, and JY.S are shareholders of Neuracle  Science Co.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of  Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (2)Division of Depression and Anxiety, McLean Hospital, Belmont, Massachusetts,  USA. (3)Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. (4)Department of Radiology & Biomedical Imaging, University of California San  Francisco, San Francisco, California, USA. (5)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neurosciences, Wayne State  University, Detroit, Michigan, USA. (6)Tri-Institutional Center for Translational Research in Neuroimaging and Data  Science (TReNDS), Georgia State University, Georgia Institute of Technology,  Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (7)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Georgia Institute of  Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (8)Departments of Psychiatry and Neurology, University of California San  Francisco, San Francisco, California, USA. (9)Department of Emergency Medicine, Washington University School of Medicine,  St. Louis, Missouri, USA. (10)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Emory University School of Medicine,  Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (11)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology and  Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (12)Institute for Trauma Recovery, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,  Chapel Hill, North Carolina, USA. (13)Department of Psychiatry, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,  Chapel Hill, North Carolina, USA. (14)Department of Anesthesiology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,  Chapel Hill, North Carolina, USA. (15)Cardiovascular Imaging Research Center, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Boston, Massachusetts, USA. (16)Department of Medicine, Division of General Medicine and Clinical  Epidemiology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, North  Carolina, USA. (17)Department of Epidemiology, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, USA. (18)Department of Emergency Medicine, Brown University, Providence, Rhode  Island, USA. (19)Center for Neurotrauma, Multiomics & Biomarkers, Neuroscience Institute,  Department of Neurobiology, Morehouse School of Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia, USA. (20)Center for Visual & Neurocognitive Rehabilitation, Atlanta VA Health Care  System, Decatur, Georgia, USA. (21)Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, Silver Spring, Maryland, USA. (22)Department of Anesthesiology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann  Arbor, Michigan, USA. (23)Department of Internal Medicine-Rheumatology, University of Michigan Medical  School, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA. (24)Department of Psychological Sciences, University of Missouri-St. Louis, St.  Louis, Missouri, USA. (25)Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Massachusetts Chan Medical  School, Worcester, Massachusetts, USA. (26)Department of Emergency Medicine, Vanderbilt University Medical Center,  Nashville, Tennessee, USA. (27)Department of Emergency Medicine, Henry Ford Health System, Detroit,  Michigan, USA. (28)Department of Emergency Medicine, Indiana University School of Medicine,  Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. (29)Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Florida College of  Medicine-Jacksonville, Jacksonville, Florida, USA. (30)Department of Emergency Medicine, Cooper Medical School of Rowan University,  Camden, New Jersey, USA. (31)Department of Emergency Medicine, Oakland University William Beaumont School  of Medicine, Rochester, Michigan, USA. (32)Department of Emergency Medicine, Wayne State University, Ascension St. John  Hospital, Detroit, Michigan, USA. (33)Department of Emergency Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston,  Massachusetts, USA. (34)Department of Emergency Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston,  Massachusetts, USA. (35)Department of Emergency Medicine, Wayne State University, Detroit Receiving  Hospital, Detroit, Michigan, USA. (36)Department of Health Care Policy, Harvard Medical School, Boston,  Massachusetts, USA. (37)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Background Sybil, an open-source deep learning model that uses low-dose CT  (LDCT) for lung cancer prediction, requires rigorous external testing to confirm  generalizability. Additionally, its utility in identifying individuals with high  risk who never smoked or have light smoking histories remains unanswered.  Purpose To externally test Sybil for identifying individuals with high risk for  lung cancer within an Asian health checkup cohort. Materials and Methods This  retrospective study analyzed LDCT scans from a single medical checkup facility  in a study sample of individuals aged 50-80 years, collected between January  2004 and December 2021, with at least one follow-up scan. The predictive  performance of the model for lung cancer risk over a 6-year period was assessed  using the time-dependent area under the receiver operating characteristic curve  (AUC). These evaluations were conducted in the overall study sample and within  subgroups of patients with heavy (at least 20 pack-years) and never- or light  smoking histories (ie, ever smoking [median, 2 pack-years]; ineligible for lung  cancer screening per 2021 U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommendations).
Author information: (1)Neuroimmunology and Neuromuscular Diseases Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Istituto  Neurologico Carlo Besta, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Neuroscience, Mental Health and Sensory Organs (NESMOS),  Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Italy. (3)UniCamillus-Saint Camillus International University of Health Sciences, Rome,  Italy. (4)Neuroimmunology Research Section, IRCCS Mondino Foundation, Pavia, Italy. (5)Department of Biomedical and Neuromotor Sciences, IRCCS Institute of  Neurological Sciences of Bologna, University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (6)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, University of Pisa, Pisa,  Italy. (7)Department of Neurosciences, University of Padova, Padua, Italy. (8)C.R.E.A. Sanità, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: J.L. Alió, None; B.R. Gauthier,  None; J.C. Gómez Rosado, None; J.L. Alió Del Barrio, None; A.E. Rodríguez, None;  F.J. Díaz Corrales, None; L.C. Capitán Morales, None; B.
Arid and semi-arid regions, which account for over 40% of global land area, are  affected by fluctuations in temperatures and rainfall. In these environments,  plants recruit beneficial rhizosphere microorganisms to mitigate stress and  enhance survival. This study investigates the molecular mechanisms by which  Pseudomonas synxantha 2-79, a rhizobacterium associated with wheat grown in arid  regions, adapts to water stress through its interaction with root exudates. We  found that water-stressed wheat root exudates contain elevated levels of choline  and glycine betaine, which serve as osmoprotectants for 2-79. Exposure to these  exudates upregulated genes involved in the uptake and catabolism of these  quaternary ammonium compounds (QACs), enhancing the bacterium's ability to cope  with osmotic stress. Mutants lacking QAC transporters displayed reduced growth  under osmotic stress, highlighting the importance of these pathways in  rhizosphere competence. Furthermore, the study revealed that 2-79 also produces  biofilms containing protective exopolysaccharides, such as alginate and Psl,  which aid in stress resilience. Overall, our findings provide insights into how  root exudates shape bacterial adaptation to the water-stressed rhizosphere and  highlight the role of QAC metabolism and biofilm formation in microbial survival  and plant-microbe interactions under drought conditions.IMPORTANCEThis study  advances our understanding of plant-microbe interactions in water-stressed  environments by revealing how rhizobacteria adapt to osmotic stress through  metabolic responses to plant-derived exudates.
Author information: (1)Molecular Cardiology Research Institute (A.S., R.J.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures The authors  report no relevant conflicts of interest. C.S.C.
Author information: (1)Pharmacy Department, Hamad General Hospital, Hamad Medical Corporation, P.O.  Box 3050, Doha, Qatar.
Infect Drug Resist. 2025 Jul 29;18:3795-3828. doi: 10.2147/IDR.S531874.
Author information: (1)Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jinan, Shandong, 250355,  China. (2)Department of Spinal Surgery, Binzhou Medical University Hospital, Binzhou,  Shandong, 256603, China. (3)School of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering and IT, University  of Technology Sydney, Ultimo, NSW2007, Australia. (4)State Key Laboratory for Modification of Chemical Fibers and Polymer  Materials, Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Nano-Biomaterials and  Regenerative Medicine, College of Biological Science and Medical Engineering,  Donghua University, Shanghai, 201620, China. (5)Innovation Center of NanoMedicine (iCONM), Kawasaki Institute of Industrial  Promotion, Kawasaki-Ku, Kawasaki, 2100821, Japan. (6)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, King Saud University, P.O. Box  2455, Riyadh 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)UOC Neuroradiologia. IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, Genova, Italy. (2)Neuroradiology Unit, Henri Mondor Hospital, Creteil, France. (3)Department of Neuroradiology, Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne  University, Paris, France. (4)Sorbonne University, Paris, France. (5)Department of Neuroscience, Neuroradiological Unit, University of Turin,  Azienda Ospedaliera Città della Salute e della Scienza Hospital, Torino, Italy. (6)Department of Radiology, NYU Langone Health, New York, USA. (7)Department of Neuroradiology, Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation  Trust, Nuffield Departments of Clinical Neurosciences and Surgical Sciences,  University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (8)Department of Interventional Radiology, Turku University Hospital, Turku,  Finland. (9)Neuroradiology Unit, Biomedical Sciences and of Morphologic and Functional  Images, AOU Policlinico G.Martino, Messina, Italy.
BackgroundData on off-label use of flow diverter for ruptured distal anterior  cerebral artery aneurysms (rDACAAs) are limited. The purpose of the present  study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of flow diversion for rDACAAs in a  large multicenter cohort.MethodsA retrospective observational study on  consecutive patients who were treated with flow diversion for rDACAAs at 8  centers in 4 countries was performed.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the features of psycho-emotional indicators and  self-reported sleep quality in students with morning and evening phase delay in  the sleep-wake cycle. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The studies were conducted among 2-4-year students of  higher educational institutions aged 17 to 23 (n=950). Using the Sleep-Wake  Pattern Assessment Questionnaire (SWPAQ), groups with the greatest tendency to  morning and evening delays (M+and E+) or its absence (M- and E-) were  identified. Sleep self-assessment was performed using the Sleep Quality, Sleep  Hygiene, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS). The psycho-emotional state was  assessed using the anxiety J. Taylor (TMAS) and C.D. Spielberger (STAI) scales,  as well as the Eysenck Questionnaire (EPQ).
Conflict of interest statement: COMPETING INTERESTS K.L.D.
Conflict of interest statement: M.C. Carrillo is a full‐time employee of the  Alzheimer's Association; received support from NIA, and grants or contracts from  NIA and CDC.
Author information: (1)Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences, University of Oxford,  Oxford, UK. jessica.renzella@phc.ox.ac.uk. (2)Newham Public Health, London Borough of Newham, London, UK. (3)London Borough of Newham Community Member and Newham Public Health Community  Researcher, London Borough of Newham, London, UK. (4)Department of Population Health Sciences, King's College London, London, UK. (5)Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences, University of Oxford,  Oxford, UK. (6)National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Oxford Health  Biomedical Research Centre, Oxford, UK. (7)Population Health Sciences Institute, Newcastle University, Newcastle, UK.  Prachi.Bhatnagar@newcastle.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.J.D.
Several early developmental events remain unclear due to ethical and technical  limitations related to the use of natural embryos. To overcome this problem,  over the last decade, different approaches aimed at the generation of in vitro  blastocyst-like models have been developed.Here, we describe a protocol that  combines miR-200-mediated cell reprogramming and mechanical stimuli to create 3D  spheroids phenotypically similar to natural embryos.
Author information: (1)Department of Mathematics, The University of Burdwan, Burdwan, 713104, India. (2)Department of Operations Management, Biju Patnaik Institute of IT &  Management Studies, Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India. (3)Department of Statistics and Operations Research, College of Science, King  Saud University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Centre for the Evaluation of Vaccination (CEV), University of Antwerp,  Antwerp, Belgium. Jade.Pattyn@uantwerpen.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.A. declares the following  competing interests: L.A. is an adviser to Synvect Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: D.Z. and P.A. are employees and shareholders in  Cortivision sp.
Author information: (1)APC Microbiome Ireland, University College Cork, Cork, Ireland. (2)School of Microbiology, University College Cork, Cork, Ireland. (3)Research Ireland Centre for Research Training in Genomics Data Science,  University of Galway, Galway, Ireland. (4)Department of Endocrinology and Nutrition, Virgen de la Victoria University  Hospital, The Biomedical Research Institute of Malaga and Platform in  Nanomedicine, Malaga, Spain. (5)College of Health and Medicine, University College Cork, Cork, Ireland. (6)Paediatric Gastroenterology, Barts Health NHS Trust, London, UK. (7)Centre for Immunobiology, Blizard Institute, Queen Mary University of London,  London, UK. (8)Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University College Cork,  Cork, Ireland. (9)Department of Biomolecular Health Sciences (Infectious Diseases and  Immunology), Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Utrecht University, Utrecht,  Netherlands. (10)APC Microbiome Ireland, University College Cork, Cork, Ireland.  M.Claesson@ucc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.J.C.
Author information: (1)Hypertension in Africa Research Team (HART), North-West University,  Potchefstroom, South Africa. (2)South African Medical Research Council: Unit for Hypertension and  Cardiovascular Disease, North-West University, Potchefstroom, South Africa. (3)Africa Unit for Transdisciplinary Health Research (AUTHeR), North-West  University, Potchefstroom, South Africa. (4)Biomedical and Molecular Metabolism Research (BioMMet), North-West  University, Potchefstroom, South Africa. Monray.Williams@nwu.
Author information: (1)Canadian Medical Association, Ottawa, ON, Canada. Ashley.Chisholm@cma.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Biotechnology, Khalifa University,  P.O. Box 127788, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Author information: (1)Discipline of Optometry, School of Health Sciences, University of  KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa. de.opto@gmail.com. (2)Department of Optometry and Rehabilitation Science, Kilimanjaro Christian  Medical College, P.O. Box 2240, Moshi, Tanzania.
INTRODUCTION: Keratoconus (KC), is a corneal disease that causes visual  impairment, which diminishes thequality of life (QoL) of affected individuals.  Although most eye care practitioners in Tanzania anecdotally report a  significant number of patients presenting with KC symptoms,little is known on  how KC is managed at differentlevels of the healthcare system. PURPOSE: To conduct a survey to assess health facility capacity and  optometrists' capability to diagnose and manage KC in Kilimanjaro region,  Tanzania. METHODS: A mixed-method, cross-sectional study was conducted. Health facilities  providing eye care services and their employed optometristswere  purposivelyselected. TheWHO Service Availability and Readiness Assessment (SARA)  tool was applied to obtain eye health care service delivery data and in-depth  interviews were conducted to investigate optometrists' knowledge on the  diagnosis and management modalities of KC at their respective facilities. RESULTS: Nine multi-level health facilitieswere included in the SARA  assessment.The majority of SARA respondents were female (56%) and ten  optometrists participated in in-depth interviews.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Although not directly  related to the submitted work, K.R. has asserted copyright over the Clinical  Frailty Scale and (with O.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.M. is a founder and CSO  of Solute Guard Therapeutics (SGTx).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Z.K., C.N., T.M., W.J.R.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.H. declares general  disclosures (Honoraria for lectures or consulting/advisory boards for AbbVie,  AstraZeneca, Biocartis, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Cepheid, Diaceutics, Gilead,  Illumina, Ipsen, Janssen, Lilly, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, QUIP GmbH, and  other research support from AstraZeneca, Biocartis, Cepheid, Gilead, Illumina,  Janssen, Novartis, Owkin, Qiagen, QUIP GmbH).
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: P.W. is an Editor for the  journal, no other author has reported any competing interest.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Aug 4:ajnr.A8953.
Conflict of interest statement: G.C. receives consulting fees from Life  Molecular Imaging and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, as well as speaker honoraria from  Efficient CME and PeerView, while K.C. receives consulting fees from Shanghai  Green Valley Pharmaceutical, ADMdx, and Banner Alzheimer's Institute.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest T. Koch  received speaker honoraria from B.Braun Melsungen.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Second near-infrared (NIR-II) fluorescence imaging technology utilizes the  wavelength range of 1000-1700 nm, significantly reducing tissue absorption and  scattering, and combining high spatial resolution and extremely low spontaneous  fluorescence, bringing a breakthrough to biomedical imaging. This review  systematically explores the fundamental principles and intrinsic advantages of  NIR-II optical imaging. Crucially, it delineates three strategies for probe  design: achieving red-shifted emission wavelengths, modulating donor-acceptor  electronic structures, and implementing synergistic metal coordination coupled  with surface engineering. These approaches enable the tailored optimization of  probe performance for diverse clinical applications.The review further showcases  the exceptional capabilities of NIR-II imaging in structural and functional  visualization across macroscopic, mesoscopic, and microscopic scales in vivo.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Danish Pain Research Center, Department of Clinical Medicine, Aarhus  University, Aarhus, Denmark. Assistant professor, z.nochi@clin.au.dk. (2)Danish Pain Research Center, Department of Clinical Medicine, Aarhus  University & Department of Clinical Neurophysiology, Aarhus University Hospital,  Aarhus, Denmark. Researcher, hossein.pia@clin.au.dk. (3)Translational Science & Intelligence, Grünenthal GmbH, Zieglerstrasse 6,  52078 Aachen, Germany. Head of Grants and Partnerships.  petra.blomsfunke@gmail.com. (4)Grünenthal GmbH, Aachen, Germany. Clinical Development Lead,  Irmgard.boesl@grunenthal.com. (5)Department of Neurophysiology, Mannheim Center for Translational  Neurosciences (MCTN), University of Heidelberg, Mannheim, Germany. Scientific  Project Manager, ombretta.caspani@medma.uni-heidelberg.de. (6)Eli Lilly and Company, Arlington Square, Bracknell, UK. Employee and  shareholder, sonya_chapman@lilly.com. (7)Department of human Neuroscience, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy. Postdoc,  giuseppe.dipietro@uniroma1.it. (8)Center of Functionally Integrative Neuroscience and Danish Pain Research  Center, Department of Clinical Medicine, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.  Associate professor, francesca@cfin.au.dk. (9)High5Data GmbH, Heidelberg, Germany. Managing Director,  bernd.genser@high5data.de. (10)MRC Systems GmbH, Heidelberg, Germany. Managing director,  m.goetz@mrc-systems.de. (11)Teva Branded Pharmaceutical Products R&D, Inc, West Chester, PA, USA. Head  of ADaM Programming. Bo.Jiang@tevapharm.
Plain Language Summary: The therapist’s role and engagement are crucial for  bridging technology and patient-centered care, with engagement requiring further  research.Standardized studies are needed to address variability in TAR  application and improve clinical consistency.Embedding TAR training in  physiotherapy programs might foster therapist engagement and strengthen their  professional role.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors would like to declare that the  testing kits were received (free of charge) from Snibe as in-kind support for  G.K.N.
The repeated bout effect (RBE) refers to the phenomenon whereby the recovery of  maximal voluntary contraction, a parameter considered to reflect muscle damage,  is enhanced in a subsequent bout of exercise following an initial damaging bout.  To investigate whether the ipsilateral RBE (IL-RBE) and contralateral RBE  (CL-RBE) involve peripheral skeletal muscle adaptations, we assessed strength  recovery following damaging eccentric contractions (ECCs) using supramaximal  electrical stimulation to recruit all muscle fibers. Male Wistar rats were  randomly assigned to one of the four groups: nondamaging control (CNT), damage  (DMG), IL-RBE, and CL-RBE. The plantar flexors were exposed to 100 repeated ECCs  with supramaximal electrical stimulation: once in the DMG group and twice at  2-wk intervals in the IL-RBE and CL-RBE groups. In the DMG group, the maximum  isometric torque (MIT) at a stimulation frequency of 100 Hz remained 30% lower  than the initial value even 4 days after ECCs. This was accompanied by an  increased number of Evans Blue Dye-positive fibers, activation of calpain 1, and  decreased expression of excitation-contraction coupling proteins. In the IL-RBE  group, membrane damage and protein degradation were almost completely prevented  and MIT returned to baseline by 1 day after ECCs. Conversely, the CL-RBE group  did not show these beneficial effects observed in the IL-RBE group. These  findings suggest that protective peripheral muscle adaptations contribute to the  IL-RBE, but similar adaptations are unlikely to play a role in the CL-RBE.NEW &  NOTEWORTHY When damaging contractions are repeatedly applied to a muscle,  voluntary strength recovery is promoted not only in the exercised muscle but  also in the contralateral muscle.
Author information: (1)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Precision and Regenerative Medicine and  Ionian Area (DiMePRe-J), University of Bari, Italy. (2)Rheumatology Unit, SS, Annunziata Hospital of Chieti, "G. D'Annunzio"  University of Chieti-Pescara, Chieti, Italy. (3)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Experimental and Internal Medicine,  University of Messina, Italy. (4)Rheumatology, ASST Papa Giovanni XXIII, Bergamo, Italy. (5)Rheumatology Unit, University of Verona, Verona, Italy. (6)Department of Medical Science and Public Health, University of Cagliari and  Rheumatology Unit, Azienda Ospedaliero Universitaria di Cagliari, Monserrato,  Italy. (7)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, Azienda Ospedaliera  Universitaria Pisana, Pisa, Italy. (8)Reumatology, Allergology and Clinical Immunology, University of Rome Tor  Vergata, Rome, Italy. (9)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Clinical, Internal, Anesthesiologic and  Cardiovascular, Sciences, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy. (10)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University  of Foggia, Foggia, Italy. (11)Department of Health Science, University of Basilicata, Potenza, Italy. (12)Division of Rheumatology, A.O.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Drs. Martín-López and Marco gratefully  acknowledge the Departament d’Universtitats, Recerca i Societat de la Informació  de la Generalitat de Catalunya (expedient 2021 SGR 01393), the Comissionat per a  Universitats i Recerca del DIUE de la Generalitat de Catalunya, and the European  Social Fund. Mr. Boutonnet is employed as Lead Technical Developer at Ventijet  Health Technology S.L. and holds an early investment in the company.
Author information: (1)Department of Electrical Engineering and Electronics, University of  Liverpool, UK. S.Maher@liverpool.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Eindhoven University of Technology,  Eindhoven, 5612 AZ, The Netherlands. (2)Institute for Complex Molecular Systems (ICMS), Eindhoven University of  Technology, Eindhoven, 5612 AZ, The Netherlands. (3)The Francis Crick Institute, London NW1 1AT, U.K. (4)Department of Informatics, King's College London, London, WC2B 4BG, U.
AimsKnee osteoarthritis (OA) is a significant source of morbidity and  socioeconomic burden, exacerbated by aging populations and rising body mass  index. Total Knee Replacement (TKR) is effective but may result in  dissatisfaction or revision, particularly in young patients. Knee Joint  Distraction (KJD) offers a joint-preserving alternative that may delay or avoid  replacement. This study assessed cartilage morphology changes using magnetic  resonance imaging (MRI) of patients up to 1-year post-KJD in patients from a  randomized controlled trial (RCT). The primary aim was to evaluate cartilage  volumes at 12 months post-KJD. Secondary aims were to evaluate additional MRI  parameters for cartilage morphology and compare the MRI parameters with  Patient-Reported Outcome Measure (PROM) scores at 3 and 12 months.MethodsA  subset of participants from an RCT comparing TKR and KJD were analyzed.
Seasonal influenza causes 290,000-650,000 deaths annually, with vaccination  efficacy ranging from 10 to 60%. The emergence of drug-resistant and highly  pathogenic avian influenza viruses underscores the urgent need for novel  protective strategies. Epidemiological observations have long suggested that  certain vaccines, such as Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG), can provide protection  against diverse pathogens (S. Biering-Sørensen, P. Aaby, N. Lund, et al., Clin  Infect Dis 65:1183-1190, 2017, https://doi.org/10.1093/cid/cix525; M.-L. Garly,  C. L. Martins, C. Balé, et al., Vaccine 21:2782-2790, 2003,  https://doi.org/10.1016/s0264-410x(03)00181-6; C. A. G. Timmermann, S.  Biering-Sørensen, P. Aaby, et al., Trop Med Int Health 20:1733-1744, 2015,  https://doi.org/10.1111/tmi.12614). While the cellular and molecular mechanisms  underlying such protection remain incompletely understood, emerging research  offers critical insights into innate immune system modulation (B. Cirovic, L. C.  J. de Bree, L. Groh, et al., Cell Host Microbe 28:322-334, 2020,  https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chom.2020.05.014; L. Kong, S. J. C. F. M. Moorlag, A.  Lefkovith, et al., Cell Rep 37:110028, 2021,  https://doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2021.110028; H. Mohammadi, N. Sharafkandi, M.  Hemmatzadeh, et al., J Cell Physiol 233:4512-4529, 2018,  https://doi.org/10.1002/jcp.26250; S. J. C. F. M. Moorlag, Y. A.  Rodriguez-Rosales, J. Gillard, et al., Cell Rep 33:108387, 2021,  https://doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2020.108387). We investigated whether a trained  innate immune system with non-replicating adenoviruses could provide protection  against diverse influenza virus strains. We demonstrated that  replication-defective human adenoviruses can effectively train the innate immune  system, conferring protective immunity in mice against multiple influenza virus  strains, including H1N1, H3N2, H5N2, H7N9, and H9N2. In addition, bovine and  chimpanzee adenoviruses can also activate human innate lymphoid cells (ILCs) and  confer protection against challenge with influenza H3N2 virus in mice.  Remarkably, this protection occurs in the complete absence of influenza-specific  adaptive immune responses (influenza virus-specific hemagglutination-inhibiting  antibodies, neutralizing antibodies, and influenza nucleoprotein-specific CD8 T  cells). Key protective mechanisms include increased activation of ILC1, ILC2,  and ILC3 populations, enhanced expression of interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs),  upregulation of antiviral signaling pathways, and metabolic reprogramming of ILC  subsets. Adoptive transfer experiments demonstrated that trained ILCs were  sufficient to protect against influenza H1N1 infection in ILC-deficient mice.  This research establishes a novel strategy for enhancing innate antiviral  immunity, offering broad-spectrum protection against diverse influenza strains,  a promising approach for not only pandemic preparedness but also against  emerging infectious diseases. Training innate lymphoid cells through  non-replicating adenoviral vectors represents a promising approach to enhancing  broad-spectrum antiviral immunity, complementing traditional vaccination  strategies.IMPORTANCEThe findings represent a potential game-changer for  fighting influenza, which kills hundreds of thousands of people worldwide each  year despite our best vaccination efforts.
Chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection poses a significant global health  threat, causing severe liver diseases including cirrhosis and hepatocellular  carcinoma. We characterized HBV DNA kinetics in primary human hepatocytes (PHHs)  over 32 days post-inoculation (p.i.) and modified our in-vivo agent-based  modeling (ABM) to gain insights into the HBV lifecycle and spread in vitro.  Parallel PHH cultures were mock-treated or treated with HBV entry inhibitor  Myr-preS1 (6.25 µg/mL) was initiated 24 h p.i. In untreated PHH, three viral DNA  kinetic patterns were identified: (i) an initial decline, followed by (ii) rapid  amplification and (iii) slower amplification/accumulation. In the presence of  Myr-preS1, viral DNA and infected cell numbers in phase 3 were effectively  blocked, with minimal to no increase. This suggests that phase 2 represents  viral amplification in initially infected cells, while phase 3 corresponds to  viral spread to naïve cells. The ABM reproduced well the HBV kinetic patterns  observed and predicted that the viral eclipse phase lasts between 18 and 38 h.  After the eclipse phase, the viral production rate increased over time, starting  with a slow production cycle of 1 virion per day, which gradually accelerated to  1 virion per hour after 3 days. Approximately 4 days later, virion production  reached a steady state production rate of 4 virions/h. The estimated median  efficacy of Myr-preS1 in blocking HBV spread was 91% (range: 90-92%). The HBV  kinetics and the predicted estimates of the HBV eclipse phase duration and HBV  production cycles in PHH are similar to those predicted in uPA/SCID mice with  human livers.IMPORTANCEWhile primary human hepatocytes (PHHs) are the most  physiologically relevant culture system for studying HBV infection in vitro, a  comprehensive understanding of HBV infection kinetics and spread in PHH is  lacking.
ConspectusInorganic nanomaterials typically exhibit a wide variety of structures  with flexibility and versatile functional properties. The introduction of  chirality can influence the physicochemical properties of materials, such as  their size, shape, crystal structure, surface charge and optical activity. These  properties can directly affect the in vivo fate of chiral inorganic  nanomaterials. Given the inherent chirality and enantiomer selectivity of  biological systems, there has been increasing interest in manipulating the  chirality of nanomaterials to enhance biomolecular interactions and improve  stability and target selectivity. This has led to remarkable advancements,  establishing nanomaterial chirality as a highly innovative research domain.  Based on controlling the synthesis of chiral nanomaterials, various design  models can be developed for the regulation of diverse biological processes,  thereby continuously contributing to the development of the next-generation  chirality-based platforms toward nanobiomedicine.In this Account, we introduce  recent advances and representative works on chiral inorganic nanomaterials, and  summarize our efforts in this area.
Author information: (1)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Materials and Tissue Engineering, College of  Biomedical Engineering, Taipei Medical University, Shuang-Ho Campus, No.301,  Yuantong Road, Zhonghe District, New Taipei City 23564, Taiwan. (2)Department of Orthopedics, Taipei Medical University Hospital, No. 252,  Wuxing Street, Xinyi District, Taipei City 11031, Taiwan. (3)Department of Orthopedics, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei  Medical University, No. 250, Wuxing Street, Xinyi District, Taipei City 11031,  Taiwan. (4)Taipei Municipal Zhongshan Girls High School, No. 141, Section 2, Changan  East Road, Zhongshan District, Taipei City 10455, Taiwan. (5)International Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Biomedical  Engineering, Taipei Medical University, Shuang-Ho Campus, No.
Author information: (1)Biology Department, College of Science, Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic  University (IMSIU) Riyadh 11623 Saudi Arabia. (2)Department of Mathematics and Statistics, College of Science, Imam Mohammad  Ibn Saud Islamic University (IMSIU) Riyadh 11623 Saudi Arabia. (3)Department of Immunology, New Kasr Al-Aini Teaching Hospital Cairo Egypt. (4)Department of Medical Laboratory Technology, Faculty of Applied Health  Sciences Technology, Badr University in Cairo (BUC) Badr City Cairo Egypt  Gharieb.El-Saied@buc.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Biomedical Engineering, Department for  Medicinal Chemistry, Eberhard Karls University Tübingen Auf der Morgenstelle 8  D-72076 Tübingen Germany matthias.gehringer@uni-tuebingen.de. (2)Cluster of Excellence iFIT (EXC 2180) "Image-Guided & Functionally Instructed  Tumor Therapies", Eberhard Karls University Tübingen D-72076 Tübingen Germany. (3)Institute for Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Johann Wolfgang Goethe-University  Frankfurt Max-von-Laue-Str. 9 D-60438 Frankfurt am Main Germany. (4)Structure Genomics Consortium Buchmann Institute for Molecular Life Sciences,  Johann Wolfgang Goethe-University Frankfurt Max-von-Laue-Str. 15 D-60438  Frankfurt am Main Germany. (5)German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), DKTK  site Frankfurt-Mainz D-69120 Heidelberg Germany. (6)Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Department of Pharmaceutical/Medicinal  Chemistry, Eberhard Karls University Tübingen Auf der Morgenstelle 8 D-72076  Tübingen Germany. (7)Pharmaceutical (Bio-)Analysis, Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences,  Department of Pharmaceutical/Medicinal Chemistry, Eberhard Karls University  Tübingen Auf der Morgenstelle 8 D-72076 Tübingen Germany. (8)Interfaculty Institute of Microbiology and Infection Medicine (IMIT),  Eberhard Karls University Tübingen Tübingen Germany. (9)Partner-site Tübingen, German Center for Infection Research (DZIF) D-72076  Tübingen Germany. (10)Faculty of Health Sciences, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern  Finland P.O. Box 1627 FI-70211 Kuopio Finland.
Conflict of interest statement: A.M. produced this work as part of her PhD  training in Translational Health Sciences at The George Washington University.
Author information: (1)Department of Health Sciences and Public Health, Section of Hygiene,  Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Rome, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical, Metabolic and Neural Sciences, University of Modena  and Reggio Emilia, Italy. (3)Public Health Section, Department of Medicine and Surgery, University of  Perugia, Italy. (4)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences and Advanced Technologies "G.F.  Ingrassia", Section of Hygiene and Preventive Medicine, University of Catania,  Italy.
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2025.
Conflict of interest statement: D.S. is co-inventor of patents in the field of  blood volume and bioimpedance applications in hemodialysis, member of the  American Renal Associates research board and served as speaker for Fresenius  Medical Care France.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://mhealth.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/mhealth-24-60/coif). S.C.,  J.S., A.K., S.K. report that this study was funded by the Center on Health,  Aging, & Disability, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, and the Center for  Research and Education on Aging and Technology Enhancement (CREATE), which  itself is supported by the National Institute on Aging under the grant (No.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://mhealth.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/mhealth-24-82/coif). All  authors report funding from the NIH federal grant (No. 1R42MD014947-01A1).  Additionally, P.N. receives the sub-award (No.
AIMS: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common psychiatric disorder whose  causes and manifestations are diverse and numerous. To facilitate targeted  therapeutic interventions, we characterized the abnormalities in effective  connectivity within the cognitive-affective (CCN-AN) circuits to identify  predictive biomarkers of TMS efficacy based on a large multicenter dataset and  an independent dataset from patients receiving TMS. METHODS: Both functional and effective connectivity (FC, EC) were analyzed. As  there was only one significant connection observed in FC, classification based  on the differences in EC was performed using REST-meta-MDD. Furthermore,  correlations between these abnormal connectivity and depression severity, as  well as depression and suicidality alleviation, were calculated to determine  their predictive implications for TMS efficacy using an independent dataset. RESULTS: Overall increased connectivity from the AN to the CCN and decreased  connectivity from the CCN to the AN in MDD were observed using EC. These  disruptions drove the classification accuracy up to 79.1%. Furthermore, the  connection from the right inferior parietal lobule (IPL. R) to the right  amygdala (AMYG.R) was negatively correlated with depression scores.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto  University, Kyoto, Japan. (2)Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto  University, Kyoto, Japan. (3)Human Health Sciences, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto,  Japan. (4)Cyfuse Biomedical K.K., Tokyo, Japan.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of conflicting interestsThe  author(s) declared the following potential conflicts of interest with respect to  the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: There are no  patents or marketed products to declare. K.N. is the co-founder and shareholder  of Cyfuse Biomedical K.K., Tokyo, Japan (Cyfuse).
Author information: (1)Center for Research in Neuropsychology and Cognitive and Behavioral  Intervention (CINEICC), Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences,  University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (2)University Clinic of Rheumatology, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (3)Centre for Mechanical Technology and Automation (TEMA), University of Aveiro,  Aveiro, Portugal. (4)Research Unit on Governance, Competitiveness and Public Policies (GOVCOPP),  University of Aveiro, Aveiro, Portugal. (5)Department of Psychology, Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (6)Altrecht Psychosomatic Medicine, Eikenboom, Zeist, the Netherlands. (7)Rheumatology Department, Coimbra Hospital and University Centre, Coimbra,  Portugal. (8)Coimbra Institute for Clinical and Biomedical Research (i.CBR), Faculty of  Medicine, University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal.
Author information: (1)Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services, ASST Spedali Civili of  Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (2)Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences,  https://ror.org/02q2d2610University of Brescia, Brescia, Italy. (3)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine,  https://ror.org/01xtv3204University of Foggia, Foggia, Italy. (4)Section of Psychiatry, Department of Medical Sciences and Public Health,  https://ror.org/003109y17University of Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy. (5)Department of Clinical Neurosciences, University Vita-Salute San Raffaele,  Milan, Italy. (6)Department of Mental Health, ASL Lecce, Lecce, Italy. (7)Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services, ASST Valcamonica, Esine,  Italy. (8)Department of Neurosciences Rita Levi Montalcini, University of Torino,  Turin, Italy. (9)Department of Neurosciences, Imaging and Clinical Sciences, Università degli  Studi G. D'Annunzio, Chieti, Italy. (10)Department of Psychiatry, University of Perugia, Perugia, Italy. (11)Department of Psychiatry, University of Campania "L.Vanvitelli", Naples,  Italy.
Author information: (1)P.G. Department of Biotechnology, Government Arts College, Trivandrum, 695  014, India.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 China Pharmaceutical University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Sociedad Española de Enfermedades Infecciosas y Microbiología  Clínica. Published by Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Marion R. Munk reports a  relationship with AbbVie Inc that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R.  Munk reports a relationship with Alcon Laboratories Inc that includes:  consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with Allergan  Irvine that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a  relationship with Alimera Sciences Inc that includes: consulting or advisory.  Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with Apellis Pharmaceuticals, Inc that  includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with  Bayer AG that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a  relationship with Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH that includes: consulting or  advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with Dandelion Design and  Marketing Ltd that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a  relationship with EyePoint Pharmaceuticals Inc that includes: consulting or  advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with GenSight Biologics SA that  includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with  Isarna Therapeutics GmbH that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk  reports a relationship with IVERIC bio that includes: consulting or advisory.  Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with Kubota Vision Inc that includes:  consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with LumiThera Inc  that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a relationship  with Novartis that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk reports a  relationship with Oculus that includes: consulting or advisory. Marion R. Munk  reports a relationship with Roche SAS that includes: consulting or advisory.  Marion R. Munk reports a relationship with Carl Zeiss Meditec Inc that includes:  consulting or advisory. Rupesh Agrawal reports a relationship with National  Medical Research Center that includes: funding grants. Rupesh Agrawal reports a  relationship with Council for Scientific and Industrial Research that includes:  funding grants. Douglas A.Jabs reports a relationship with AbbVie Inc that  includes: funding grants.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 International Society of Differentiation. Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
BACKGROUND: Osteonecrosis of the femoral head (ONFH) is a progressive,  debilitating orthopedic condition that primarily results from compromised  vascular supply. Chronic alcohol intake is a well-established non-traumatic  etiological factor in ONFH. Despite the increasing global research on ONFH, a  bibliometric analysis using explicit literature searches in Web of Science  reveals that no studies have specifically focused on alcohol-induced  osteonecrosis of the femoral head (AONFH). This study aims to provide a  comprehensive overview of the global research landscape of AONFH, identifying  key research hotspots, emerging trends, and future directions using both  qualitative and quantitative bibliometric methods. METHODS: The Web of Science Core Collection was systematically searched for  publications from 1998 to 2024 related to AONFH and identified 353 relevant  articles. RStudio and Bibliometrix 4.1.0 were used to analyze annual publication  volume and cited papers. VOSviewer was employed to conduct bibliographic  coupling analysis and CiteSpace was used to analyze countries, institutions,  authors, journals, and keywords. Microsoft Excel 2019 was utilized to perform  linear regression on annual publication volume. RESULTS: Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research had the highest number of  publications and citations. Chinese scholars published the most, while  U.S.-based research received greater international recognition.
Author information: (1)Sport Sciences and Diagnostics Research Group, GSD-HPE Department, Prince  Sultan University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. pprieto@psu.edu.sa. (2)Innovación en Educación y Deporte A.C, Ciudad de México, México.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.R., J.T.R.W., M.C.O.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Cardiology, Cardiovascular Research Institute Maastricht  (CARIM), Maastricht University Medical Center, Maastricht, The Netherlands. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences,  University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (3)Department of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Cardiovascular Research  Institute Maastricht (CARIM), Maastricht University Medical Center, Maastricht,  The Netherlands. (4)Department of Physiology, Cardiovascular Research Institute Maastricht  (CARIM), Maastricht University, Maastricht, The Netherlands. (5)Department of Cardiology, Cardiovascular Research Institute Maastricht  (CARIM), Maastricht University Medical Center, Maastricht, The Netherlands;  Department of Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences,  University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. Electronic address:  Dominik.Linz@mumc.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)LADISER Inmunología y Biología Molecular, Edificio D, Facultad de Ciencias  Químicas, Universidad Veracruzana. Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico; Asociacion Chagas  con Ciencia y Conocimiento A.C. Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, IRCCS  Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic address:  angela.ammirabile@humanitas.it. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, IRCCS  Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic address:  riccardo.levi@humanitas.it. (3)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiation Oncology, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic  address: luca.boldrini@policlinicogemelli.it. (4)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, IRCCS Humanitas  Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic address:  cristiana.bonifacio@humanitas.it. (5)Hepatobiliary Surgery Unit, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Agostino  Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic address:  caterina.mele@policlinicogemelli.it. (6)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, IRCCS Humanitas  Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic address:  ludovica.lofino@humanitas.it. (7)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiation Oncology, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic  address: edda.boccia@policlinicogemelli.it. (8)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiation Oncology, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic  address: enza.genco@policlinicogemelli.it. (9)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Division of Hepatobiliary and General Surgery, Department of  Surgery, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic  address: guido.costa@humanitas.it. (10)Hepatobiliary Surgery Unit, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Agostino  Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. (11)Medical Oncology, Comprehensive Cancer Center, Fondazione Policlinico  Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy; Medical Oncology, Università  Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Rome, Italy. Electronic address:  lisa.salvatore@policlinicogemelli.it. (12)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Pathology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan,  Italy. Electronic address: reha.akpinar@humanitas.it. (13)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiation Oncology, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic  address: huongelena.tran@policlinicogemelli.it. (14)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiation Oncology, Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic  address: silvia.devizio@guest.policlinicogemelli.it. (15)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Medical Oncology and Hematology Unit, Humanitas Cancer Center,  IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. Electronic address:  armando.santoro@cancercenter.humanitas.it. (16)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Pathology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan,  Italy. Electronic address: luigi.terracciano@hunimed.eu. (17)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy; Pathology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan,  Italy. Electronic address: luca.di_tommaso@hunimed.eu. (18)Department of Pathology, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Agostino  Gemelli, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Electronic address: Riccardo.Ricci@unicatt.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Medical image segmentation is essential for disease diagnosis and therapy  planning, but the complexity of multi-organ structures and blurred skin lesion  boundaries poses challenges. CNNs and Transformers are constrained by limited  receptive fields and high computational complexity. The state-space model  effectively captures long-range dependencies with linear complexity but  struggles with local modeling and channel attention.These methods struggle to  detect subtle differences in lesion areas, leading to poor performance in  medical image segmentation, especially when the lesions are discontinuous or  boundaries are unclear.To address these challenges, we propose SCFMUNet, which  enhances both local and global modeling across multi-scale features and  effectively captures spatial and channel semantics.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest RTC has  received honoraria or funding for travel and congress expenses from Bial,  Janssen, Lundbeck, Organon, Merck, Roche and Teva. PNB owns stock in Tensor  Medical, S.L. EM has received funding for travel and congress expenses and  honoraria for lectures from Biogen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Janssen, Merck and  Roche.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Pediatric Epilepsy, Epilepsy Center/Neurological Institute, Cleveland Clinic,  Cleveland, Ohio. Electronic address: guptaa1@ccf.org. (2)Pediatric Epilepsy, Epilepsy Center/Neurological Institute, Cleveland Clinic,  Cleveland, Ohio. (3)Department of Quantitative Health Sciences, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland,  Ohio; Neurological Institute Center for Outcomes Research & Evaluation,  Cleveland Clinic, Ohio. (4)Division of Pediatric Epilepsy, Minnesota Epilepsy Group, P.A. and Children's  Minnesota, Roseville, Minnesota.
Author information: (1)Department of Oncology and Radiotherapeutics, Faculty of Medicine in Pilsen,  Charles University, Alej Svobody 80, Pilsen, 304 60, Czech Republic.  fialao@fnplzen.cz. (2)Biomedical Center, Faculty of Medicine in Pilsen, Charles University, Alej  Svobody 76, Pilsen, 304 60, Czech Republic. fialao@fnplzen.cz. (3)University Hospital Pilsen, Pilsen, Czech Republic. fialao@fnplzen.cz. (4)Biomedical Center, Faculty of Medicine in Pilsen, Charles University, Alej  Svobody 76, Pilsen, 304 60, Czech Republic. (5)Department of Oncology and Radiotherapeutics, Faculty of Medicine and  University Hospital in Pilsen, Charles University, Czech Republic, Alej Svobody  80, Pilsen, 304 60, Czech Republic. (6)Department of Oncology, Palacký University Medical School and Teaching  Hospital, I.P. Pavlova 6, Olomouc, 775 20, Czech Republic.
Author information: (1)Mechanical Engineering Department, Middle East Technical University, Ankara  06800, Türkiye. (2)Middle East Technical University. (3)von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics, Chaussée de Waterloo 72,  Rhode-St-Genèse 1640, Belgium. (4)Von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics. (5)Mechanical Engineering Department, University of Windsor, Windsor, ON N9B3P4,  Canada. (6)University of Windsor. (7)Biomedical Research Center, QU Health, Qatar University, Doha 2713, Qatar. (8)Qatar University. (9)Department of Surgery, Trauma and Vascular Surgery, Hamad General Hospital,  Hamad Medical Corporation, P.O. Box 3050, Doha, Qatar; Clinical Medicine, Weill  Cornell Medical College, Doha 24144, Qatar.
Author information: (1)Centre for Research in Neuropsychology and Cognitive and Behavioural  Intervention, Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences, University of  Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (2)University Clinic of Rheumatology, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (3)HEI-Lab: Digital Human-Environment Interaction Labs, Lusófona University,  Lisbon, Portugal. (4)Center for Research in Higher Education Policies (CIPES), Matosinhos,  Portugal. (5)Department of Social, Political and Territorial Sciences, University of  Aveiro, Aveiro, Portugal. (6)Center for Innovative Biomedicine and Biotechnology (CIBB), University of  Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal. (7)Rheumatology Department, Coimbra Hospital and University Centre, Coimbra,  Portugal. (8)Department of Psychology, Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (9)Altrecht Psychosomatic Medicine Eikenboom, Zeist, the Netherlands. (10)Coimbra Institute for Clinical and Biomedical Research (i.CBR), Faculty of  Medicine, University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are often deregulated in cancer. We previously showed that  inhibition of the pro-metastatic miR-214 strongly impairs tumor dissemination.  We recently developed a chimeric aptamer, axl-miR-214sponge, including an  oligonucleotide sequence able to inhibit miR-214 (miR-214sponge) linked to  GL21.T (axl), an aptamer that binds specifically to axl, an oncogenic tyrosine  kinase receptor abundantly expressed on various malignant melanoma and breast  cancer cells.
PurposeThe purpose of this study is to evaluate whether higher emotional  distress (depressive symptoms or diabetes distress) was associated with a lower  likelihood of basal or rapid-acting insulin initiation among participants  enrolled in the GRADE Emotional Distress Substudy (EDS).MethodsIndividuals with  type 2 diabetes <10 years duration on metformin alone were randomized to add 1  of 4 glucose-lowering drugs.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was approved by the Danish Data Protection Agency.  Register-based retrospective studies do not require ethical approval according  to Danish regulations. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: Dr. Torp-Pedersen received grants from Bayer and Novo Nordisk,  unrelated to this work.Dr.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The collection of Dokdo sea lion bones was conducted under the  permission granted by the Gyeoungbuk province local government for the  collection of protected marine organisms (Permit No. 2019–2). We also collected  a Z. californianus muscle sample from the Seoul Grand Park, Republic of Korea,  obtained during the necropsy process (Permit No. Seoul Grand Park Scientific  Research 2020–009). As our study involved extinct animals and cadavers, ethical  approval was not required. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: C.K. and S.J. were employees of Clinomics Inc.
BACKGROUND: The New York City (NYC) Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA) went  into effect in January 2014 to provide greater flexibility for pregnant workers'  accommodations, yet no studies to date have evaluated its effectiveness and  utilization. We examined factors associated with pregnant workers' PWFA  awareness, understanding of PWFA, and receipt of accommodations in a lower  socioeconomic status population in NYC. METHODS: Participants included 481 pregnant workers who attended prenatal visits  at Mount Sinai Hospital Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinic in NYC in 2017.  Detailed demographic and occupational data were collected via in-person  interviews using a pregnancy and work survey. Information on participants' PWFA  awareness, knowledge of PWFA-eligible accommodations, and accommodations  received was also obtained. Multivariable-adjusted logistic regressions were  used to identify the factors influencing PWFA awareness, knowledge of  PWFA-eligible accommodations, and accommodations received among six common  examples. RESULTS: Only 14% of participants had ever heard of NYC PWFA legislation. Lower  educational level (≤ 12th grade) (Adjusted Odds Ratio [aOR] = 0.54, 95%  Confidence Interval [CI] = 0.30-0.98) and being unsure of workplace maternity  leave policy (aOR=0.39, 95% CI=0.18-0.87) were associated with lack of PWFA  awareness. Regardless of PWFA awareness, no maternity leave policy (aOR = 0.15,  95% CI = 0.04-0.48 vs. paid policy) and being unsure of maternity leave policy  (aOR = 0.19, 95% CI = 0.06-0.59 vs. paid policy) were associated with no  knowledge of any PWFA-eligible accommodations. Regardless of their PWFA  awareness, women working for ≤ 5 years (aOR=0.42, 95% CI=0.22-0.83), non-U.S.  born (aOR=0.
Socially vulnerable adolescents are often forgotten in the healthcare system,  which is more prone to manage those who are assigned to the system, leaving  others. We aimed to characterise the perception of these patients about  preferences and priorities concerning healthcare services in their medical  appointments, relevant healthcare topics, and value attributed to the contact  with their physicians.This cross-sectional study surveyed a group of adolescents  living in institutional settings to enhance a patient-centred approach and,  therefore, higher health promotion and better health outcomes for adolescents  and young adults.A total of 571 adolescents with a mean age of 17 (55.
Author information: (1)Jeyibm Investment Tanzania Limited, P.O. Box 20403, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.C.W.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: K.O., M.T.,  H.M., T.I., and J.M. received funding for specific clinical research (Japan  Registry of Clinical Trials registration number jRCTs032220723) from Nipro Co.
Author information: (1)Dorothy M. Davis Heart and Lung Research Institute, The Ohio State University  Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (2)Department of Surgery, Division of General and Gastrointestinal Surgery, The  Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (3)Department of Physiology and Cell Biology, The Ohio State University Wexner  Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (4)Division of Preventive Medicine, Clinical Research Institute, National  Hospital Organization Kyoto Medical Center, Kyoto, Japan. (5)Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, The  Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (6)Department of Biomedical Engineering, The Ohio State University, Columbus,  OH, USA. (7)Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and  Sleep Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA. (8)Department of Surgery, Division of Cardiac Surgery, The Ohio State University  Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (9)BGPBio, Framingham, MA, USA. (10)Section on Integrative Physiology and Metabolism, Joslin Diabetes Center,  Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (11)Translational Research Institute for Metabolism and Diabetes, AdventHealth,  Orlando, FL, USA. (12)Dorothy M. Davis Heart and Lung Research Institute, The Ohio State  University Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, OH, USA. Kristin.Stanford@osumc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.I.S.
Korean red ginseng (KRG, Panax ginseng C.A. Meyer) contains ginsenosides, which  are metabolized into active metabolites with various pharmacological effects.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: B.I.R.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Ethics approvals for the NEST360 program were obtained from the  London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine IRB (21892), and the national  health research ethics committees in Malawi (NHSRC 1180), Kenya (Kenya Medical  Research Institute: KEMI/SERU/CGMR-C/229/4203, Maseno University Ethics Review  Committee: MSU/DRPI/MUERC/00810/19), Tanzania (Ifakara Health Institute:  IHI/IRB/No:01–2020, National Institute for Medical Research:  NIMR/HQ/R.8a/Vol.IX/3405), and Nigeria (Lagos University Teaching Hospital  Health Research Ethics Committee: ADM/DCST/HREC/APP/3487, University of  Ibadan/University College Hospital/Ethics Committee: NHREC/05/01/2008a).
Author information: (1)Department of Health Outcomes and Biomedical Informatics, University of  Florida College of Medicine, PO Box 100,147, Gainesville, FL, 32610, USA. (2)Value & Implementation Outcome Research Merck & Co., Inc, 126 East Lincoln  Avenue, P.O. Box 2000, Rahway, NJ, 07065, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: H.Y.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: EDD: honoraria: Takeda;  consulting fees: Takeda, and BeiGene. TI: speakers fee: Takeda; consulting fees:  Takeda. SH: honoraria: ADC Therapeutics, Affimed, Aileron, Celgene, Crispr  Therapeutics, Daiichi Sankyo, Forty Seven, Inc., Kyowa Hakko Kirin, Millennium  /Takeda, Seattle Genetics, Trillium Therapeutics, and Verastem/SecuraBio;  consulting fees: Acrotech Biopharma, ADC Therapeutics, Astex, Auxilus Pharma,  Merck, C4 Therapeutics, Celgene, Cimieo Therapeutics, Daiichi Sankyo, Janssen,  Kura Oncology, Kyowa Hakko Kirin, Myeloid Therapeutics, ONO Pharmaceuticals,  Seattle Genetics, SecuraBio, Shoreline Biosciences, Inc, Takeda, Trillium  Therapeutics, Tubulis, Verastem/SecuraBio, Vividion Therapeutics, and Yingli  Pharma Limited; grants or funds: NIH/NCI Cancer Center Support Grant P30  CA008748; a Specialized Center for Research grant from the Leukemia and Lymphoma  Society (7026-21 [S.M.H.
Glycan-mediated molecular recognition is crucial for life. Various  methodologies, including nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), help elucidate these  interactions across different complexity levels, from macroscopic to atomic  resolution. NMR is widely used to study glycan binding to lectins in solution,  though these interactions are typically weak (mM to μM scale) under diluted  conditions. In nature, multivalent presentations enhance affinity, making  interactions more promiscuous.Herein, we describe an NMR methodology, from the  ligand perspective, to investigate glycan-lectin interactions in environments  mimicking native cellular conditions.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Funding: Open Access funding  enabled and organized by Projekt DEAL. Conflicts of Interest: Charlotte Kloft  and Wilhelm Huisinga report grants from an industry consortium (AbbVie  Deutschland GmbH & Co. K.G., AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Johns Hopkins University School of  Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. (2)Department of Radiology and Radiological Science, Johns Hopkins University  School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. (3)Cellular Imaging Section and Vascular Biology Program, Institute for Cell  Engineering, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. (4)Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, Johns Hopkins  University, Baltimore, MD, USA. (5)F.M. Kirby Research Center, Hugo W.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethics approval: This study was approved by the  Research Ethics Committee of Tarbiat Modares University (Ethical code:  IR.MODARES.AEC.
Author information: (1)Fraunhofer Institute for Cell Therapy and Immunology IZI, Leipzig, Germany. (2)Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing SCAI, Sankt  Augustin, Germany. (3)Department of Internal Medicine II, Chair of Cellular Immunotherapy,  University Hospital Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany. (4)Information Technology for Translational Medicine (ITTM) S.A.,  Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.A. received speaker  honoraria from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.
Author information: (1)Department of Computer, Ar.C., Islamic Azad University, Arak, Iran.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: T.H.G.
Author information: (1)Ministry of Health, Government of Rwanda, Kigali, Rwanda. (2)CEPI, Oslo, Norway. (3)Government of Rwanda, Kigali, Rwanda. (4)Sabin Vaccine Institute, Washington, DC, USA. (5)Rwanda Biomedical Center Kigali Rwanda, Kigali, Rwanda. (6)IQVIA, Durham, NC, USA. (7)Center for Family Health Research, Kigali, Rwanda. (8)CEPI, Washington, DC, USA. Nicole.Lurie@cepi.
Aicardi-Goutières syndrome (AGS) is a progressive multisystem disorder marked by  early-onset encephalopathy. This report investigates the genetic basis of AGS in  a newborn from consanguineous parents with microcephaly, recurrent hemorrhagic  strokes, brain calcifications, leukodystrophy, epilepsy, anemia,  thrombocytopenia, and left ventricular hypertrophy. Next-generation  sequencing-based targeted gene panel testing for epilepsy c.65-13G>A variant in  the RNASEH2B gene. Both parents were identified as carriers of the heterozygous  mutation, confirming autosomal recessive inheritance. RNA analysis showed that  this variant created a new splice site, leading to an 11-base-pair extension in  exon 2. This alteration caused a frameshift (p.Glu22Valfs*7) and subsequent  truncation of the RNASEH2B protein.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures M.P.S.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interests Hiroshige  Mikamo received speaker honoraria from MSD KK. and Shionogi Co., Ltd. Tetsuya  Matsumoto received speaker honoraria from MSD K.K., Pfizer Japan Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest MML, RCH, and MD are  full-time employees of Sanofi and may own shares and/or stock options in the  company. CSL is chief physician at Danske Lægers Vaccinations Service/European  LifeCare Group and has received speaker fees and served on advisory boards for  GSK, MSD, Pfizer, Takeda, and Valneva. BLC has received consulting fees from  Amgen, Cardurion, Corvia, Myokardia, and Novartis. KGS has served on an advisory  board for Sanofi and received financial support for congress participation from  AstraZeneca. SDS has received research grants from Actelion, Alnylam, Amgen,  AstraZeneca, Bellerophon, Bayer, BMS, Celladon, Cytokinetics, Eidos, Gilead,  GSK, Ionis, Lilly, Mesoblast, MyoKardia, NIH/NHLBI, Neurotronik, Novartis, Novo  Nordisk, Respicardia, Sanofi, Theracos, US2.AI and consulted for Abbott, Action,  Akros, Alnylam, Amgen, Arena, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, BMS,  Cardior, Cardurion, Corvia, Cytokinetics, Daiichi-Sankyo, GSK, Lilly, Merck,  Myokardia, Novartis, Roche, Theracos, Quantum Genomics, Cardurion, Janssen,  Cardiac Dimensions, Tenaya, Sanofi, Dinaqor, Tremeau, CellProThera, Moderna,  American Regent, Sarepta, Lexicon, Anacardio, Akros, and Puretech Health.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Both computer-aided detection (CADe) systems and mucosal exposure devices can  enhance adenoma detection during colonoscopy. This research investigates whether  combining a CADe system with a balloon-based mucosal exposure device increases  the identification of individuals with high risk colonoscopy findings within a  fecal immunochemical test (FIT)-based organized screening program.We conducted a  multicenter, open-label, parallel-arm randomized controlled trial.
Conflict of interest statement: E. Rondonotti, S. Paggi, and F. Radaelli have  received speaker's honoraria from Fujifilm Co. C. Hassan has consultancy  agreements with Odin, Fujifilm Co., and Olympus. A. Repici has consultancy  agreements with, and previously received research grants (not related to the  present study) from, Fujifilm Co., Medtronic plc, and Boston Scientific Co.; he  has consultancy agreements with Cosmo Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. and Erbe  Elektromedizin GmbH.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests L.C.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital; Ludwig Institute for  Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, University of Lausanne (UNIL); Agora Cancer  Research Center, Lausanne, Switzerland; Immuno-oncology Service, Department of  Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (2)Department of Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital; Ludwig Institute for  Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, University of Lausanne (UNIL); Agora Cancer  Research Center, Lausanne, Switzerland. (3)Division of Cancer, Department of Surgery and Cancer, Imperial College  London, London W12 0HS, UK. (4)Department of Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital; Ludwig Institute for  Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, University of Lausanne (UNIL); Agora Cancer  Research Center, Lausanne, Switzerland; Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer  Center and Harvard Medical School Department of Medicine, Boston, MA, USA. (5)Unit of Translational Oncopathology, Institute of Pathology, Lausanne  University Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (6)Cancer Immunotherapy Group, Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute  (IDIBELL), L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (7)Department of Women and Children's Health, Unit of Gynecology and Obstetrics,  University of Padua, Padua, Italy. (8)Immuno-oncology Service, Department of Oncology, Lausanne University  Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (9)Center of Experimental Therapeutics, Department of Oncology, Lausanne  University Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (10)Bioinformatics Competence Center, University of Lausanne, Lausanne,  Switzerland. (11)Division of Oncological Sciences, OHSU Knight Cancer Institute, Portland,  OR, USA. (12)Department of Obstetrics/Gynecology, University of Washington, Seattle, WA,  USA. (13)Department of Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital; Ludwig Institute for  Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, University of Lausanne (UNIL); Agora Cancer  Research Center, Lausanne, Switzerland; Center of Experimental Therapeutics,  Department of Oncology, Lausanne University Hospital, Lausanne, Switzerland. (14)Ovarian Cancer Research Center, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA  19104, USA. (15)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA. (16)The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust and Institute of Cancer Research,  London, UK. (17)Obstetrics and Gynecology Epidemiology Center, Department of Obstetrics and  Gynecology, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA,  USA; Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests E.G. received honoraria  from AbbVie and Astrazeneca.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Grants or contracts  (institutional research) for P.P. from EMD Serono, Bicara, Novartis and Advisory  Board/Consulting for Novartis, Mirati, Janssen, EMD Serono, Takeda, Bicara,  AstraZeneca.
Author information: (1)Institute of Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Zentrum München, German Research  Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Munich, Germany. (2)Department of Pediatrics, University Hospitals Leuven, Leuven, Belgium;  Department of Development and Regeneration, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium. (3)Center for Regenerative Therapies Dresden, Faculty of Medicine, Technische  Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany; Department of Paediatrics, University  Hospital Carl Gustav Carus, Dresden, Germany. (4)Kinder- und Jugendkrankenhaus auf der Bult, Hannover, Germany. (5)Unit for Pediatric Endocrinology, Department of Clinical Sciences Malmö, Lund  University, Lund, Sweden; Department of Pediatrics, Skane University Hospital,  Malmö/Lund, Sweden. (6)Department of Pediatric Diabetology and Pediatrics, The Children's Clinical  Hospital Józef Polikarp Brudziński, Warsaw, Poland; Department of Pediatric  Diabetology and Pediatrics, Medical University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. (7)Centre for Human Genetics, Nuffield Department of Medicine, NIHR Biomedical  Research Centre, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (8)Institute of Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Zentrum München, German Research  Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Munich, Germany; Forschergruppe  Diabetes, School of Medicine, Klinikum Rechts der Isar, Technical University  Munich, Munich, Germany; Forschergruppe Diabetes e.V. at Helmholtz Munich,  German Research Center for Environmental Health, Munich, Germany.
Author information: (1)Adaptive Biotechnologies, Seattle, WA, USA. (2)Department of Neurology, University of Muenster, Muenster, Germany. (3)Toulouse Institute for Infectious and Inflammatory Diseases (Infinity),  University of Toulouse, CNRS, INSERM, UPS, Toulouse, France. (4)Institute of Clinical Neuroimmunology, University Hospital, Ludwig Maximilian  University Munich, Munich, Germany; Biomedical Center, Faculty of Medicine,  Ludwig Maximilian University Munich, Martinsried, Germany; Munich Cluster of  Systems Neurology (SyNergy), Munich, Germany. (5)Central Information Office German Competence Network of Multiple Sclerosis,  Philipps University Marburg, Marburg, Germany. (6)Department of Neurology, University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany. (7)Department of Neurology, University of Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany. (8)Department of Neurology, University of Ulm, Ulm, Germany. (9)Department of Neurology, Focus Program Translational Neuroscience (FTN) and  Immunotherapy (FZI), Rhine-Main Neuroscience Network (rmn), University Medical  Center of the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz, Mainz, Germany. (10)Institute of Clinical Neuroimmunology, University Hospital, Ludwig  Maximilian University Munich, Munich, Germany. (11)Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry, Munich, Germany. (12)Institute of Neuroimmunology and Multiple Sclerosis, University Medical  Center Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany; Department of Neurology, University  Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany. (13)Department of Neurology and Clinical Neurophysiology, Medical Faculty,  University of Augsburg, Augsburg, Germany. (14)Department of Neurology, St. Josef-hospital, Ruhr-University Bochum, Bochum,  Germany. (15)Well Institute for Neurosciences, Department of Neurology, University of  California, San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA. (16)Department of Neurology, University Hospital Marburg, Philipps-University  Marburg, Marburg, Germany. (17)Department of Neurology, Medical Faculty, Heinrich-Heine University  Düsseldorf, Düsseldorf, Germany. (18)Department of Neurology, University of Muenster, Muenster, Germany;  Department of Neurology and Neurophysiology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg,  Germany. (19)Department of Neurology, University of Muenster, Muenster, Germany.  Electronic address: Nicholas.Schwab@ukmuenster.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests BCZ: is an employee of  Adaptive Biotechnologies and receives salary, stock, and options as part of  their employment compensation outside of the submitted work. TSH: reports travel  support from Roche and Biogen, research support from Novartis Pharma and is  co-inventor on patents outside of this study. RE: is an employee of Adaptive  Biotechnologies and receives salary, stock, and options as part of their  employment compensation outside of the submitted work. BP: nothing to disclose.  SF: nothing to disclose. CW: nothing to disclose. MD: nothing to disclose. EY:  is an employee of Adaptive Biotechnologies and receives salary, stock, and  options as part of their employment compensation outside of the submitted work.  DM: is an employee of Adaptive Biotechnologies and receives salary, stock, and  options as part of their employment compensation outside of the submitted work.  DMX: is an employee of Adaptive Biotechnologies and receives salary, stock,  options and patent participation as part of their employment compensation,  outside of the submitted work. ED: nothing to disclose. LAG: received research  funding from Hertie Foundation (funding of MS TWIN STUDY + personal funding),  from DMSG national and Bavarian section (funding of MS TWIN STUDY), and from the  DFG for the SyNergy Cluster (funding of MS TWIN STUDY + personal funding). FB:  nothing to disclose. LR: nothing to disclose. GA: nothing to disclose. SJ:  nothing to disclose. CS: nothing to disclose. MS: reported consulting fees from  Alexion, Amgen/Horizon, Bayer, Biogen, Bristol-Myers-Squibb/Celgene, Merck,  Roche, and Sanofi Genzyme, honoraria from Alexion, Janssen, Amgen/Horizon,  Biotest, Roche, Sanofi Genzyme, and UCB, travel support from Alexion, Celgene,  Janssen, Amgen/Horizon, Roche, and Sanofi Genzyme, and participation on advisory  boards for Alexion, Amgen/Horizon, Bayer, Biogen, Bristol-Myers-Squibb, Merck,  Roche, and Sanofi Genzyme. SB: received honoraria from Biogen, Bristol Myers  Squibb, Hexal, Merck Healthcare, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and Teva. He is  supported by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG, SFB CRC TRR  355–480846870), Novartis and the Hermann- and Lilly-Schilling Foundation. FL:  received consultancy fees from Roche and support with travel cost from Teva  Pharma. JH: reported grants for OCT research from the Sumaira Foundation,  Horizon/Amgen, Roche and Merck, personal consulting fees and honoraria from  Alexion, Amgen, Merck, Novartis, Neuraxpharm, Johnson&Johnson, Rewind  Therapeutics and Roche and nonfinancial support of the Sumaira-Foundation and  Guthy-Jackson Charitable Foundation, all outside the submitted work. MKN:  nothing to disclose. MF: nothing to disclose. SR: nothing to disclose. AS:  received speaker honoraria from Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck, Neuraxpharm,  Novartis, consulting fees from Neuraxpharm, and research support by the Medical  Faculty of the University of Bern, the Swiss MS Society and the regional  association of North Rhine-Westphalia of the German MS Society (DMSG  Landesverband NRW) and Novartis, all not related to this work. FH: received  grants or contracts from Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS,  Overseas Research Fellowship, 2023-present), the Uehara Memorial Foundation  (Overseas Research Fellowship, 2022–2023), and the Japanese Society of Neurology  (Overseas Training Program, 2022–2023), outside this study. RH: his institution  received grants from Roche/Genentech and he received consulting fees from Roche,  Sanofi and Novartis, lecture honoraria from Sanofi, and compensation for  participation on advisory boards from Roche, Novartis and Sanofi. SC: nothing to  disclose. ASANT: nothing to disclose. MSEIP: reported speaker honoraria from  Merck, Novartis and Roche as well as travel support from AB Science, Alkermes,  Baxalta, Bayer, Biogen, CSL Behring, Genzyme, Griffols, Merck, Novartis,  Octapharma, Receptoc, Roche, Sanofi Aventis, Teva, UCB Biopharma. CH: nothing to  disclose. SN: received lecture honoraria from Roche, Novartis, and Sanofi,  travel support from Sanofi, and received compensation for serving on a  scientific advisory board of Roche, Neuraxpharm, Bristol –Myers Squibb and  Merck. AB: received consulting fees from Roche, Merck, Novartis, Sandoz/HEXAL,  lecture honoraria from Merck, Biogen, Novartis, TEVA, Roche, Sanofi/Genzyme,  Bristol Myers Squibb, Jannsen, and Sandoz/HEXAL, and received travel support  from Biogen, TEVA, Novartis, Sanofi/Genzyme, Merck, Celgene and Jannsen. HAT:  reported unpaid roles in DGLN, DGN, DMSG, AMSEL, KKNMS, DGG, Pflegebrücke,  Albert-Einstein-Discovery centre e.V., personal consulting fees or lecture  honoraria from Alexion, Bayer, Biogen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Fresenius,  Fujirebio, Hexal, Horizon, Janssen, Johnson&Johnson, Merck, Novartis, Roche,  Sanofi, Teva, Viatris, and grants from DMSG, Ministerium für Wissenschaft und  Forschung BW, Novartis, Sanofi, Faber-Stiftung, Chemische Fabrik Karl Bucher  GmbH to his institution outside the submitted work.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: The following represents disclosure information  provided by authors of this manuscript. All relationships are considered  compensated unless otherwise noted. Relationships are self-held unless noted. I  = Immediate Family Member, Inst = My Institution. Relationships may not relate  to the subject matter of this manuscript. For more information about ASCO's  conflict of interest policy, please refer to www.asco.org/rwc or  ascopubs.org/po/author-center. Open Payments is a public database containing  information reported by companies about payments made to US-licensed physicians  (Open Payments). Kohei Shitara Honoraria: Bristol Myers Squibb, Janssen,  AstraZeneca, Lilly, Ono Pharmaceutical, Astellas Pharma Consulting or Advisory  Role: Bristol Myers Squibb, Takeda, Ono Pharmaceutical, MSD, Novartis, Daiichi  Sankyo, Amgen, Astellas Pharma, Guardant Health, Bayer, Zymeworks, AstraZeneca,  ALX Oncology, GlaxoSmithKline K.K, Janssen, Healios, Moderna.Inc, Arcus  Biosciences Inc Research Funding: MSD (Inst), Daiichi Sankyo (Inst), Taiho  Pharmaceutical (Inst), Chugai Pharma (Inst), Ono Pharmaceutical (Inst), Astellas  Pharma (Inst), Eisai (Inst), Amgen (Inst), PRA Health Sciences (Inst),  AstraZeneca (Inst), PPD-SNBL (Inst), Toray Industries (Inst) No other potential  conflicts of interest were reported.
ObjectiveLupus nephritis (LN) is a common complication in a significant  proportion of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients. As a chronic  autoimmune disease, LN leads to renal failure, substantially impacting patient  quality of life and mortality rates. Current LN treatments primarily involve  traditional immunosuppressants, such as azathioprine and mycophenolate mofetil  (MMF). However, a subset of patients exhibits poor responsiveness to these  therapies.MethodsTo identify genes specifically upregulated in this  non-responder group, we analyzed RNA-sequencing data from the tubulointerstitial  regions of LN patients and single-cell RNA-sequencing data from non-response LN  patients, using datasets obtained from public databases.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests A.C. is a founder,  equity holder, and consultant of DarwinHealth Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: R.A., G.D.M.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Author information: (1)Public Health Laboratory of Alicante, 6 Plaza de España, 03010, Alicante,  Spain. (2)Department of Analytical Chemistry and Food Science, Faculty of Science,  University Institute of Materials, University of Alicante, P.O. Box 99, 03080,  Alicante, Spain.
OBJECTIVES: Difficult-to-treat Crohn's disease (DTT-CD) represents a critical  unmet need in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) management. However, its genetic  architectures remain poorly understood. We aimed to evaluate the genetic  characteristics and clinical manifestations of DTT-CD cases through integrated  trio-based whole exome sequencing (WES) and longitudinal phenotyping. METHODS: In this cross-sectional cohort study, DTT-CD patients who met the  International Organization for the Study of Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IOIBD)  criteria and their first-degree relatives underwent trio-WES analysis. Treatment  persistence and remission rates were analyzed. Genetic variants were prioritized  via cosegregation analysis, the American College of Medical Genetics and  Genomics (ACMG) guidelines, and functional prediction algorithms. RESULTS: Among the 24 patients with DTT-CD, 87.5% failed at least two biologics,  33.3% required dual targeted therapy, and drug persistence declined across  treatment lines (p = 0.0193). Remission rates were suboptimal (clinical: 41.7%;  endoscopic: 50.0%). Trio-WES analysis identified 15 likely pathogenic candidate  variants across 12 genes, including the established monogenic IBD gene XIAP (two  novel variants: p.Asp247Glufs*19, p.Ser43X; two known variants: p.Arg381X,  p.Arg238X), genome-wide association studies-implicated IBD risk genes (MAML2 and  PLA2R1), and novel candidate variants (KIZ, LAMA5, SAMD9, etc.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure statement Supported with funding for  research from the European Society for Paediatric Infectious Diseases (to  T.d.R.), which did not participate in preparation of the article.
Conflict of interest statement: M.J.V.
Conflict of interest statement: K.B., N.De.
BackgroundVasoactive-inotropic score (VIS) has been previously utilized as one  of the predictors in open heart procedures postoperatively, but its association  with poor outcomes in patients who underwent coronary artery bypass graft (CABG)  is still unclear. We aim to find the association in this  population.MethodsPubMed, Google Scholar, and Scopus were systematically  searched for studies showing an association of poor cardiovascular (CV)  outcomes, including mortality with VIS from inception to May 2024 following CABG  surgery.
Author information: (1)Division of General Thoracic Surgery, Department of Surgery, Changhua  Christian Hospital, Changhua, Changhua 500, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: J.F.F.
Author information: (1)Neurology Service, Marqués de Valdecilla University Hospital, Santander,  Cantabria, Spain. (2)Institute for Research Marqués de Valdecilla (IDIVAL), Santander, Cantabria,  Spain. (3)CIBERNED, Network Center for Biomedical Research in Neurodegenerative  Diseases, National Institute of Health Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (4)Immunology Department, Marqués de Valdecilla University Hospital, Santander,  Spain. (5)Atlantic Fellow for Equity in Brain health, Global Brain Health Institute,  University of California, San Francisco, USA. (6)Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry, Institute of Neuroscience and  Physiology, The Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg, Gothenburg,  Sweden. (7)Molecular Biology Department, University of Cantabria, Santander, Spain. (8)Clinical Neurochemistry Laboratory, Sahlgrenska University Hospital,  Gothenburg, Sweden. (9)Paris Brain Institute, ICM, Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital, Sorbonne University,  Paris, France. (10)Neurodegenerative Disorder Research Center, Division of Life Sciences and  Medicine, and Department of Neurology, Institute on Aging and Brain Disorders,  University of Science and Technology of China and First Affiliated Hospital of  USTC, Hefei, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: K.B. has served on scientific advisory boards  and/or as a consultant for Abbvie, AC Immune, ALZPath, AriBio, Beckman Coulter,  BioArctic, Biogen, Eisai, Lilly, Neurimmune, Ono Pharma, Prothena, Roche  Diagnostics, Sanofi, and Siemens Healthineers; has served on data‐monitoring  committees for Julius Clinical and Novartis; has given lectures, produced  educational materials, and participated in educational programs for Biogen,  Eisai, and Roche Diagnostics; and is a co‐founder of Brain Biomarker Solutions  in Gothenburg AB (BBS), which is a part of the GU Ventures Incubator Program,  outside the work presented in this article.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Environmental Sciences, National  Tsing-Hua University, Hsinchu, Taiwan. (2)Boron Neutron Capture Therapy Center, National Tsing-Hua University, Hsinchu,  Taiwan. (3)Department of Medical Imaging and Radiological Sciences, Chang Gung  University, Taoyuan, Taiwan. (4)Research Center for Radiation Medicine, Taoyuan, Taiwan. (5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital Linkou Branch,  Taoyuan, Taiwan. (6)Ph.D. Program for Cancer Biology and Drug Discovery, China Medical  University, Taichung, Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: The A.G.-S.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Duke University, Durham, NC (T.W.,  Y.Y.S.
Author information: (1)The Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Science (D.J.,  A.T., H.L.), Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD.
Author information: (1)Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital, Yunnan  Institute of Digestive Disease, Yunnan Clinical Research Center for Digestive  Diseases, Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650032, P.R. China.
INTRODUCTION: Remote cognitive assessment addresses barriers to research  participation for older participants, but continuity in longitudinal studies is  a challenge. We examined whether scores from telephone-based assessments (T-COG)  were valid and reliable estimates of in-person traditional neuropsychological  findings. METHODS: Participants in the Wisconsin Registry for Alzheimer's Prevention  (WRAP) who had completed in-person testing within the prior 12 months were  invited to complete a follow-up T-COG visit. Bland-Altman plots and intraclass  correlations were used to assess repeatability and bias. RESULTS: Correlations between in-person and T-COG scores were of moderate to  large magnitude (Pearson r: 0.57 to 0.80, intraclass correlation coefficients:  0.52 to 0.79). Bland-Altman plots revealed moderately wide limits of agreement,  but no clear bias. DISCUSSION: The WRAP-abbreviated T-COG battery can be completed in less than an  hour and shows good concordance with in-person test administration. Availability  of the T-COG option may reduce missing data and/or enhance retention when  obstacles to in-person attendance arise. HIGHLIGHTS: Remote testing had adequate validity compared to in-person  assessment.A telephone preclinical Alzheimer's composite correlated well with  the original.Remote options may reduce missing data when barriers exist to  in-person testing.Teleassessment may facilitate participant recruitment and  retention.
Conflict of interest statement: C.C.B.
Author information: (1)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni, 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milano,  Italy. (2)Institute of Neuroscience (IN-CNR), National Research Council of Italy, Via  Manzoni, 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milano, Italy. (3)IRCCS Stella Maris Foundation, Viale del Tirreno, 331 -341, Località  Calambrone, 56128, Pisa, Italy. (4)Integrated Assistance Departments (D.A.I.
Conflict of interest statement: A.A. received travel support from Chiesi and  Oncocyte.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: M.H. reports  receiving research support for the institution from AbbVie, AstraZeneca, Bristol  Myers Squibb (BMS)/Celgene, Genentech, Genmab, Incyte, Johnson & Johnson, Merck,  Novartis, Roche, and Takeda; and receiving personal honoraria from AbbVie,  AstraZeneca, Genmab, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Roche, and Takeda.
Author information: (1)Division of Nephrology, Hypertension and Transplantation, Houston Methodist  Hospital, Houston, TX. (2)Division of Nephrology and Hypertension, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL. (3)Center for Health Data Science and Analytics, Houston Methodist Hospital,  Houston, TX. (4)McWilliams School of Biomedical Informatics, University of Texas Health  Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX. (5)Enterprise Development and Integration, University of Texas MD Anderson  Cancer Center, Houston, TX. (6)Department of Pathology, Houston Methodist Hospital, Houston, TX. (7)J.C. Walter Jr Transplant Center, Houston Methodist Hospital, Houston, TX.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures R.H. and M.H. are cofounders of  Ramona Optics, Inc.
Author information: (1)Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science (Girls), Al-Azhar University Nasr  City Cairo Egypt. (2)Composites and Nanostructured Materials Research Department, Advanced  Technologies and New Materials Research Institute (ATNMRI), City of Scientific  Research and Technological Applications (SRTA-City) New Borg El-Arab City, P.O.  Box: 21934 Alexandria Egypt.
Author information: (1)Department of Infectious diseases, Luigi Sacco Hospital, ASST  Fatebenefratelli Sacco, via GB Grassi 74, Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences (DIBIC), Università degli  Studi di Milano, Via G.B. Grassi 74, 20157 Milan, Italy.
INTRODUCTION: Head and neck cancer (HNC) treatment on the Unity MR-Linac (MRL)  (Elekta AB, Stockholm, Sweden) has been developed using the novel adapt-to-shape  Lite (ATS-lite) method to create clinically acceptable adaptive treatments  clinician-free. Here we investigate patient experience and acceptability of this  technique. METHODS: Ten HNC patients treated to 65 Gy in 30 fractions with MRI-guided  adaptive radiotherapy (MRIgART) within the PERMIT trial (NCT03727698), were  included. Data collected comprised patient demographics, treatment time, and  patient experience, using an established MRL questionnaire.Back-up plans were  created for use on the conventional linac with CT guidance, to prevent missed  fractions.
Conflict of interest statement: The author(s) declared the following potential  conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or  publication of this article: HD: none. C.B.: consulting for Boehringer  Ingelheim.
Author information: (1)University of Exeter, Institute of Biomedical and Clinical Science, Exeter,  United Kingdom. (2)Istanbul University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Pediatric  Endocrinology, Istanbul, Turkey. (3)Gazi Yasargil Diyarbakir Training and Research Hospital, Department of  Paediatric Endocrinology, Diyarbakir, Turkey. (4)Children's Hospital, University of Child Health Sciences, Department of  Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes, Lahore, Pakistan. (5)National Institute of Child Health, Paediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes  Department, Karachi, Pakistan. (6)King Edward Memorial Hospital & Research Centre, Department of Diabetes,  Pune, India. (7)Antalya Training and Research Hospital, Pediatric Endocrinology, Antalya,  Turkey. (8)Ankara University School of Medicine, Pediatric Endocrinology, Ankara,  Turkey. (9)Dr.Behcet Uz Child Disease and Paediatric Surgery Training and Research  Hospital, Division of Paediatric Endocrinology, Izmir, Turkey.
Conflict of interest statement: C.M.L.
Bone Joint J. 2025 Aug 1;107-B(8):772-776. doi:  10.1302/0301-620X.107B8.BJJ-2024-1687.R1.
DOI: 10.1302/0301-620X.107B8.BJJ-2024-1687.
Bone Joint J. 2025 Aug 1;107-B(8):769-771. doi:  10.1302/0301-620X.107B8.BJJ-2025-0459.
Cancer Res. 2025 Aug 1;85(15):2784-2787. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-25-2205.
Conflict of interest statement: One or more of the authors has declared the  following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: The research  presented in this article was made possible by a grant from Football Research  Incorporated (FRI). FRI is a nonprofit corporation that receives funding from  sources including the National Football League (NFL) and is dedicated to the  research and development of novel methods to prevent, mitigate, and treat  traumatic head injuries. The views expressed are solely those of the authors and  do not represent those of FRI or any of its affiliates or funding sources.  J.R.F.
Author information: (1)State Key Laboratory of Natural Medicines, Department of Pharmaceutics,  School of Pharmacy, China Pharmaceutical University, Nanjing, 211198, P. R.  China. (2)NMPA Key Laboratory for Research and Evaluation of Cosmetics, China  Pharmaceutical University, Nanjing, 211198, P. R. China. (3)Wuxi Research Center for Innovative Medicines and Life Health, Wuxi  Innovation Research Institute of China Pharmaceutical University, Wuxi, 214112,  P. R. China. (4)Leibniz-Institut für Polymerforschung Dresden e.V., 01069, Dresden, Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.M.G.
Dynamic knee valgus (DKV), commonly observed during functional movements, is  recognized as a key biomechanical factor contributing to the risk of anterior  cruciate ligament (ACL) injury. Given its importance in injury prevention, this  study aimed to investigate the effects of a warm-up program on jump-landing  pattern and lumbopelvic function in female basketball players exhibiting dynamic  knee valgus. The present study employed a quasi-experimental design. Thirty  female basketball players with DKV were screened using the single-leg landing  (SLL) test and subsequently randomized into control (n = 15) and experimental  (n = 15) groups. The jump-landing test was utilized to assess the jump-landing  pattern, whereas the forward step-down (FSD) test was implemented to evaluate  lumbopelvic function. The experimental group participated in the STOP-X warm-up  program over 8 weeks, whereas the control group continued with their traditional  warm-up routine. Data were analyzed using a 2 × 2 repeated measures ANOVA,  followed by Bonferroni post hoc tests, with statistical significance set at  P < 0.05. All analyses were conducted using SPSS version 26. The results  revealed significant differences in maximum flexion (F = 20.73; P = 0.001;  effect size (ES) = 0.42, percentage change (PC) = ↑4.48%), initial valgus  (F = 90.12; P = 0.001; ES = 0.76, PC = ↓32.56%), maximum valgus (F = 151.6;  P = 0.001; ES = 0.84, PC = ↓52.86%), and FSD (F = 22.82; P = 0.001; ES = 0.44,  PC = ↓51.45%) in the experimental group compared to the control group after  following the STOP-X warm-up program. However, no significant impact was  observed for the initial flexion (P = 0.49, ES = 0.01) variable. Implementing  the warm-up injury prevention program significantly improves jump-landing  pattern and optimizes lumbopelvic function. Therefore, it is recommended that  coaches incorporate this program in place of traditional basketball warm-up  routines. Such an approach may enhance athletic performance while reducing the  risk of knee injuries associated with improper landing techniques.Trial  registration No: IRCT20231230060574N1, (date of registration on 04/01/2024)  registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethical approval: All experimental procedures  followed the principles of the Helsinki Declaration and were approved by Ethics  Committee in Biomedical Research (ETHICS), Guilan University. (ID  IR.GUILAN.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Not applicable. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: RT and EC declares patent N. 102021000007478 “APPARATO PER IL  RILEVAMENTO ED IL MONITORAGGIO DELLA PRESSIONE NASALE” released on March 28th,  2023 by the Italian Ministry of Enterprises and Made in Italy. RT and EC are  co-founders of IREC ltd (VAT 02959080355), (Reggio Emilia, Italy). Outside of  this work, AJ has received research funding (paid to the institution) from  ZonMw, Pulmotech B.V., Health~Holland, Liberate Medical, the Netherlands  eScience center.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology, Krishna Institute of Science and Technology,  Krishna Vishwa Vidyapeeth, Karad, Maharashtra, 415539, India. (2)Amrita School of Agricultural Sciences, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham,  Coimbatore, 642109, India. (3)PG and Research Department of Botany, Saraswathi Narayanan College  (Autonomous), , Madurai, Tamil Nadu, 625022, India. (4)Department of Microbiology, Ayya Nadar Janaki Ammal College (Autonomous),  Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu, India. mahi.ran682@gmail.com. (5)Department of Microbiology, Ayya Nadar Janaki Ammal College (Autonomous),  Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu, India. (6)Department of Biotechnology, Ayya Nadar Janaki Ammal College (Autonomous),  Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu, India. (7)Transcription Regulation Group, International Centre for Genetic Engineering  and Biotechnology (ICGEB), New Delhi, 110067, India. (8)Government Department of School Education, Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, 180001,  India. deepupandita@gmail.com. (9)Vatsalya Clinic, Krishna Nagar, New Delhi, 110051, India. (10)College of Life Sciences, Northwest Normal University, Lanzhou, 730070,  China. (11)Department of Plant Production, College of Food and Agriculture Sciences,  King Saud University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. (12)State Key Laboratory of Desert and Oasis Ecology, Key Laboratory of  Ecological Safety and Sustainable Development in Arid Lands, Xinjiang Institute  of Ecology and Geography, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Urumqi, 830011, People's  Republic of China. (13)University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, 100049, People's  Republic of China. (14)Department of Agricultural Engineering, College of Food and Agriculture  Sciences, King Saud University, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia. (15)Department of Botany and Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud  University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Translational Research Center in Oncohaematology, Department of Cell  Physiology and Metabolism, Faculty of Medicine, University of Geneva, Geneva,  CH-1211, Switzerland. Vladimir.Katanaev@unige.
Author information: (1)Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard  Medical School, Boston, MA, 02215, USA. (2)Department of Data Science, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 02215,  USA. (3)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, 02115, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.-J.P., H.
Author information: (1)M.M. Shemyakin and Yu.A. Ovchinnikov Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry of the  Russian Academy of Sciences, Miklukho-Maklaya, 16/10, Moscow, Russia, 117997.
Author information: (1)Department of Histology and Embryology, Third Military Medical University,  Chongqing, 400038, China. (2)Research Centre, Seventh Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University,  Shenzhen, 518107, China. (3)Department of Neurology, Second Affiliated Hospital, Chongqing Institute for  Brain and Intelligence, Third Military Medical University, Chongqing, 400037,  China. (4)Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, The University of Manchester,  Manchester, M139PL, UK. Alexej.Verkhratsky@manchester.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.C. discloses financial  interests in the following entities working in the rare genetic disease space:  Beam Therapeutics, Editas Medicines, Fulcrum Therapeutics, Global Blood  Therapeutics, Inograft Biotherapeutics, Land Medicine, Prime Medicine, and  Spotlight Therapeutics.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.B. serves on paid  advisory boards for DayOne Biopharmaceuticals and has served on a paid advisory  board for QED Therapeutics.
The MBT Sepsityper Kit (Sepsityper) has a low identification rate for  Streptococcus pneumoniae, and the underlying causes remain unclear. To elucidate  these factors, we investigated five factors under controlled conditions  simulating bloodstream infections: blood culture bottle type, blood culture  system, matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass  spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) platform, lysis buffer volume used in Sepsityper,  and sample preparation method used for MALDI-TOF MS analysis. The results showed  that anaerobic bottles had a higher identification rate than aerobic bottles  (5.6% vs 0%); however, no significant differences were observed for other  factors. Replacement of the lysis and washing buffers with phosphate-buffered  saline (PBS) in the Sepsityper was also performed. Replacing the lysis buffer  with PBS improved the identification rates compared to unmodified protocols or  replacing only the washing buffer. Groups without the lysis buffer exhibited  typical gram-positive morphology on Gram staining, whereas those with the lysis  buffer showed predominantly swollen gram-negative morphology. Further  evaluations of blood culture bottle types (aerobic vs anaerobic), blood culture  systems (BD BACTEC FX vs BACT/ALERT VIRTUO), MALDI-TOF MS platforms (MALDI  Biotyper sirius vs VITEK MS), lysis buffer volumes used in Sepsityper (standard  vs half volume), and sample preparation methods for MALDI-TOF MS analysis  (direct transfer, extended direct transfer, and full extraction) revealed no  significant differences in identification rates. These findings suggest that the  lysis buffer plays a critical role in the poor identification rate of S.  pneumoniae using Sepsityper; however, halving its volume does not significantly  improve the outcomes.IMPORTANCEThis study addresses a critical issue in clinical  microbiology: the low identification rate of Streptococcus pneumoniae using the  widely used Sepsityper for matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization  time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Nontuberculous mycobacterial (NTM) infections in people with cystic fibrosis  (pwCF) can have detrimental effects on prognosis and pose significant challenges  to treatment. However, there are still questions regarding the contribution and  influence of NTMs on the respiratory microbiome and the mechanisms by which NTMs  cause infections. Here, we investigate the impact of NTM infection on microbiome  composition and lung function (percent predicted forced expiratory volume in 1  second). Primary comparisons were between culture-positive cohorts for  Mycobacterium avium complex and Mycobacterium abscessus complex and those who  were culture-negative for NTMs and attending outpatient clinics. Additionally,  the consequence of cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR)  modulator therapy status and positive NTM culture was assessed in terms of  microbiome change. Our data suggest that the presence of NTM significantly  alters the diversity and the composition of the lung microbiota in pwCF,  including those receiving CFTR modulator therapies. Importantly, significant  associations were detected between NTM presence and changes in abundance of  Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Burkholderia cepacia complex members, inferring  modulatory effects of NTMs on respiratory microbiomes. This study contributes to  the understanding of NTM infection and these organisms' interaction with the  respiratory microbiome and CFTR modulator therapy, highlighting the need for  further research in this area.IMPORTANCEThe influence of NTM infection in pwCF  is still debated, and the extent of their contribution to mortality and  morbidity is still questioned.
Factors that influence unproven stem cell intervention seeking behavior: A  qualitative analysis of U.S. patients considering or having undertaken unproven  stem cell interventions.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Indian Association of Medical Microbiologists. Published by  Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Internal Medicine and Radboud Community of Infectious Diseases,  Radboud university medical center, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. Electronic  address: Ilse.Kouijzer@radboudumc.
Author information: (1)Centro de Investigación en Alimentación y Desarrollo, A.C. Coordinación de  Tecnología de Alimentos de Origen Vegetal, Carretera Gustavo Enrique Astiazarán  Rosas No.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective.Multifractal formalism introduces an invaluable framework for the  investigation of nonlinear, scale-invariant features across multiple time scales  in non-stationary time series data.Approach.In this context, we sought to  explore multifractal features defining spatiotemporal correlations in seizure  activity, by applying multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis (MFDFA) to  stereoelectroencephalography (sEEG) recordings from five patients with  refractory, focal temporal epilepsy, who underwent subsequent surgical removal  of the temporal lobe and achieved seizure freedom.Main results.To the best of  our knowledge, we are the first to report evidence for a multifractal  architecture underscoring sEEG-recorded epileptiform signalsin vivo, suggesting  a fundamental propensity for scale-invariance in electrophysiological human  brain recordings.
Author information: (1)Department of Epidemiology and Data Science, Amsterdam Universities Medical  Center, and Department of Philosophy, Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities,  Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam 1081 HV, Netherlands. Electronic address:  lm.Bouter@vu.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Radiotherapy and Imaging and Academic Urology Unit, The Institute  of Cancer Research and The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, London, United  Kingdom. Electronic address: David.Dearnaley@icr.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
ConspectusMelanin-like polymers have attracted significant attention for their  excellent light absorption and photothermal conversion properties. Unlike  sequence-controlled biomacromolecules such as proteins and DNA, natural melanin  and its analogues derive their broadband light absorption and photothermal  performance from heterogeneous polymerization of 5,6-dihydroxyindole (DHI),  indolequinone (IQ), and uncycled dopamine derivatives, as well as simultaneous  progressive assembly between different monomeric species or oligomers. A key  challenge in this field lies in establishing their structure-property  relationships as well as precisely regulating the light absorption and  photothermal performance of these bioinspired polymers to meet specific  application requirements.Our research has revealed that nonradiative decay  dominates their photothermal behavior, with absorbed optical energy converting  to thermal vibrations within 1 ns, while regulating the light harvesting ability  depends on molecular control over conjugation length, bandgap, and  charge-transfer pathways through deliberate chemical design.
OBJECTIVE: Distal tibia fractures occur in approximately 4% of police-reported  crashes where at least 1 vehicle was towed in the U.S., and frequently result in  complications like infection, nonunion, and osteoarthritis.
Author information: (1)CERPOP-SPHERE Team, Toulouse University Hospital, Inserm UMR 1295, Toulouse  University, Toulouse, France. beslay.m@chu-toulouse.fr. (2)CERPOP-SPHERE Team, Toulouse University Hospital, Inserm UMR 1295, Toulouse  University, Toulouse, France. (3)ARS Toscana, Florence, Italy. (4)Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Department of Medical Sciences, Centre for  Clinical and Epidemiological Research, Emilia Romagna Registry of Birth Defects,  University Hospital of Ferrara, University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy. (5)Rare Disease Research Unit, Foundation for Promotion of Health and Biomedical  Research of Valencian Region (FISABIO), Valencia, Spain. (6)Faculty of Medicine, Health and Life Sciences, Swansea University, Swansea,  Wales. (7)Janssen Biologics B.V, Leiden, Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval: Finland: Ethical  approval is not required for register-based studies. Institutional Review Board  at the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare approved the study and waived  the requirement for obtaining informed consent for the secondary use of health  administrative data from study participants (THL/543/6.02.00/2021). Data were  handled and stored in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.  France: The EFEMERIS cohort was approved by the French Data Protection Authority  on 7 April 2005 (authorization number 05-1140). This study was performed on  anonymized patient data. The women included in the EFEMERIS database were  informed of their inclusion and of the potential use of their anonymized data  for research purposes. They could oppose the use of their data at any time. The  women included in the EFEMERIS database know that their collected and anonymized  data can be used for medical research purposes and can thus be published. The  study was approved by the EFEMERIS steering group. Data were handled and stored  in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. Italy: The study was  approved by the local ethical committee (approval number 593/2023/Oss/UniFe).  Data were handled and stored in accordance with the General Data Protection  Regulation and in agreement with the Authority for Healthcare and Welfare,  Emilia Romagna Regional Health Service, Bologna, Italy. Norway: The study was  approved by the Regional Committee for Research Ethics in South-East Norway  (approval number 85224) and by the Data Protection Officer at the University of  Oslo (approval number 519858). Data were handled and stored in accordance with  the General Data Protection Regulation. Spain (Valencian Region): The study  (code: IMI-IMN-2019-01) was classified as an Observational Post-authorisation  Study “Other designs” (EPA-OD) by Spanish Medicines Agency (AEMPS), available  on: https://sede.aemps.gob.es ; and approved by the Arnau de Vilanova Hospital’s  Clinical Research Ethics Committee on 29th January 2020, according to the  Spanish regulations (approval number 1/2020). At regional level following the  national Personal Data Protection and guaranteeing digital rights (Law 3/2018),  the study was approved by the Commission of the Regional Government (PROSIGA)  that has the right of giving RDRU Fisabio authorisation to process the data  (references: SD2556; SD2577; SD2578; SD2579; SD2580; SD2581; SD2582). Wales:  This study uses anonymised data held in the Secure Anonymised Information  Linkage (SAIL) Databank. The SAIL Databank independent Information Governance  Review Panel (IGRP) approved the study as part of project 0823, on 16th October  2020. Competing interests: AG is an employee of Janssen Biologics B.V. and owns  stock/stock options in Johnson & Johnson, of which Janssen is a subsidiary.
Author information: (1)Institute of Crystallography, National Council of Research, Catania Unit,  Catania, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, University of  Catania, Catania, Italy. (3)MitoBiotech S.R.L, Catania, Italy.
Nurs Educ Perspect. 2025 Sep-Oct 01;46(5):322-324. doi:  10.1097/01.NEP.
DOI: 10.1097/01.NEP.
Conflict of interest statement: L.M.A.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering (BME), Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon  16419, Republic of Korea. (2)Center for Neuroscience Imaging Research (CNIR), Institute for Basic Science  (IBS), Suwon 16419, Republic of Korea. (3)Department of Intelligent Precision Healthcare Convergence (IPHC),  Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon 16419, Republic of Korea. (4)Department of Biopharmaceutical Convergence, Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon  16419, Republic of Korea. (5)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Yonsei University College of  Medicine, Seoul 03722, Republic of Korea. (6)Institute for Immunology and Immunological Disease, Yonsei University College  of Medicine, Seoul 03722, Republic of Korea. (7)Brain Korea 21 PLUS Project for Medical Sciences, Yonsei University College  of Medicine, Seoul 03722, Republic of Korea. (8)Department of Biophysics and Institute of Quantum Biophysics, Sungkyunkwan  University, Suwon 16419, Republic of Korea. (9)Biomaterials Research Center, Korea Institute of Science and Technology,  Seoul, Republic of Korea. (10)Biomedical Institute for Convergence at SKKU (BICS), Sungkyunkwan  University, Suwon 16419, Republic of Korea. (11)Department of Metabiohealth, Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon 16419, Republic  of Korea. (12)KIST-SKKU Brain Research Center, Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon 16419,  Republic of Korea; (C.G.P.
Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Research Network of Computational  and Structural Biotechnology.
Conflict of interest statement: S.M.O.
Author information: (1)Leeds Institute of Medical Research, University of Leeds, St. James's  University Hospital, Leeds, UK. (2)North East and Yorkshire Genomic Laboratory Hub, Central Lab, St. James's  University Hospital, Leeds, UK. (3)School of Dentistry, Clarendon Way, University of Leeds, Worsley Building,  Leeds, UK. (4)Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, B.S.R.C. 'Alexander Fleming',  Attica, Greece.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, Section of  Pharmacology, University of Catania, Catania, Italy. (2)Clinical Toxicology Unit, University Hospital of Catania, Catania, Italy. (3)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Section of Neuroscience and Clinical  Pharmacology, University of Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy. (4)Department of Biochemical Engineering, University College London, London,  United Kingdom. (5)Unit of Infectious Diseases, Department of Clinical and Experimental  Medicine, University of Catania, ARNAS Garibaldi Hospital of Catania, Catania,  Italy. (6)Center of Excellence for the Acceleration of HArm Reduction (CoEHAR),  University of Catania, Catania, Italy. (7)Unitá Operativa Complessa (UOC) Medicina e Chirurgia d'Accettazione e Urgenza  (MCAU), University Teaching Hospital "Policlinico-Vittorio Emanuele", University  of Catania, Catania, Italy. (8)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, University of Catania,  Catania, Italy. (9)Department of Preventive and Community Medicine, University of The East Ramon  Magsaysay Memorial Medical Centre, Quezon City, Philippines. (10)Pulmonology Department, Jinnah Hospital, Lahore, Pakistan. (11)Department of Pulmonology, Allama Iqbal Medical College, Lahore, Pakistan. (12)Departemen Pulmonologi dan Kedokteran Respirasi, Dr. H.A. Rotinsulu Lung  Hospital, Bandung, Indonesia.
Author information: (1)Department of CardiologyTaipei Medical University-Shuang Ho Hospital New  Taipei City 23561 Taiwan. (2)School of Respiratory Therapy, College of MedicineTaipei Medical University  Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (3)Division of Pulmonary MedicineDepartment of Internal MedicineTaipei Medical  University-Shuang Ho Hospital New Taipei City 23561 Taiwan. (4)Sleep CenterTaipei Medical University-Shuang Ho Hospital New Taipei City  23561 Taiwan. (5)Research Center of Sleep Medicine, College of MedicineTaipei Medical  University Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (6)TMU Research Center of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine and HealthTaipei  Medical University Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (7)Department of Physical Medicine and RehabilitationSchool of Medicine, College  of MedicineTaipei Medical University Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (8)Department of Physical Medicine and RehabilitationTaipei Medical University  Hospital Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (9)Graduate Institute of Nanomedicine and Medical Engineering, College of  Biomedical Engineering, Taipei Medical University Taipei 11031 Taiwan. (10)Wireless Technology and Antenna Research and Development DepartmentWistron  Corporation Taipei 11469 Taiwan. (11)Advanced Technology LaboratoryWistron Corporation Taipei 11469 Taiwan. (12)Department of Civil and Environmental EngineeringImperial College London SW7  2AZ London U.K. (13)Department of Electrical and Computer EngineeringTamkang University, Tamsui  New Taipei City 25137 Taiwan.
Magnetic fields switching at kilohertz frequencies induce electric fields in the  body, which can cause peripheral nerve stimulation (PNS). Although  magnetostimulation has been extensively studied below 10 kHz, the behavior of  PNS at higher frequencies remains poorly understood. This study aims to  investigate PNS thresholds at frequencies up to 88.1 kHz and to explore  deviations from the widely accepted hyperbolic strength-duration curve (SDC).PNS  thresholds were measured in the head of 8 human volunteers using a solenoidal  coil at 16 distinct frequencies, ranging from 200 Hz to 88.
Int J Nanomedicine. 2025 Jul 25;20:9327-9346. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S525462.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests J.H.C.
Conflict of interest statement: M. Brigotti, D.C., E.P., and E.G. are inventors  on a patent related to the topic of the paper: n.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: S.E.P.
Author information: (1)Department of Cardiology, Maasstad Hospital, Rotterdam, the Netherlands  (G.M., V.P.).
Author information: (1)Laboratory for Computational Physiology, Massachusetts Institute of  Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA. (2)Department of Critical Care, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust,  London, UK. (3)Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) Program, Mass General Brigham,  Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (4)Department of Medicine, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA. (5)See Authors' contributions. (6)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA,  USA. (7)Tasmanian School of Medicine, College of Health and Medicine, University of  Tasmania, Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. (8)Department of Population Health, NYU Grossman School of Medicine and Langone  Health, New York, NY, USA. (9)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital/Dana-Farber  Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA. (10)USC Institute of Urology and Catherine and Joseph Aresty Department of  Urology, Keck School of Medicine, University of Southern California, Los  Angeles, CA, USA. (11)Artificial Intelligence Center, USC Institute of Urology, University of  Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (12)National Library of Medicine, NIH, HHS, Bethesda, MD, USA. (13)Department of Computer Science, Loyola University, Chicago, IL, USA. (14)Department of Dermatology, Stanford School of Medicine, Redwood City, CA,  USA. (15)Department of Biomedical Data Science, Stanford School of Medicine, Redwood  City, CA, USA. (16)Cognitive Science, Aarhus University, Jens Chr. Skou 2, Aarhus, Denmark. (17)Mass General Brigham, Boston, MA, USA. (18)Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta,  Canada. (19)Computational Health Informatics Program, Boston Children's Hospital,  Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (20)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer  Center, Houston, TX, USA. (21)Departamento de Telematica, Universidad del Cauca, Popayan, Colombia. (22)Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA. (23)Department of Radiology, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA,  USA. (24)Centre for Statistics in Medicine, Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics,  Rheumatology, and Musculoskeletal Sciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (25)UK EQUATOR Centre, Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics, Rheumatology, and  Musculoskeletal Sciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (26)Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care, UMC Utrecht, Utrecht  University, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (27)Health Innovation Netherlands (HINL), Utrecht, the Netherlands. (28)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and Sleep Medicine, Beth Israel  Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, MA, USA. (29)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Y.D. is an inventor on  a patent filed by The Ohio State University related to the TT3 lipid used in  this study.
Author information: (1)The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.  SKopetz@mdanderson.org. (2)NEXT Oncology, Universitary Hospital Quironsalud, Madrid, Spain. (3)National Cancer Center Hospital, Tokyo, Japan. (4)The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA. (5)Department of Medical Oncology, Vall d'Hebron University Hospital, Barcelona,  Spain. (6)Merck Santé S.A.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.K.: ownership interest in  Lutris, Iylon, Frontier Medicines, Xilis and Navire; consultant for Genentech,  the healthcare business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Merck & Co.
Author information: (1)Department of Biotechnology, Faculty of Allied Medical Sciences, Al-Ahliyya  Amman University, Amman, 19328, Jordan. h.alameer@ammanu.edu.jo. (2)Department of Biological Sciences, Faculty of Science, Yarmouk University,  Irbid, 21163, Jordan. h.alameer@ammanu.edu.jo. (3)Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, The University of Jordan,  Amman, 11942, Jordan. (4)Department of Biological Sciences, Faculty of Science, Yarmouk University,  Irbid, 21163, Jordan. (5)Department of Biology and Biotechnology, Faculty of Science, American  University of Madaba, Madaba, 17110, Jordan. (6)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, American University of  Madaba, Madaba, 17110, Jordan. (7)Department of Biological Sciences, School of Science, The University of  Jordan, Amman, 11942, Jordan. (8)Pharmaceutical Center (UPPC), Faculty of Pharmacy and Medical Sciences,  University of Petra, Amman, 11196, Jordan. (9)Department of Biotechnology, Faculty of Allied Medical Sciences, Al-Ahliyya  Amman University, Amman, 19328, Jordan. (10)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, Abu Dhabi  University, P.O. Box 59911, Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.A.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.A.A.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The human iPSC lines used in this study were BIHi005-A, iKCL-004,  and iKCL-011. The BIHi005-A line was obtained from the iPSC biobank maintained  at the Berlin Institute of Health (Berlin, Germany), with detailed information  regarding the donor, cell line derivation, ethical approval, and third-party  availability accessible at the Human Pluripotent Stem Cell Registry (  https://hpscreg.eu/cell-line/BIHi005-A ). The iKCL-004 and iKCL-011 iPSC lines  were obtained from King’s College London which had ethical approval by the UK  National Health Service Research Ethics Committee under Reference 11/LO/0295.  Jejunal-organoids were obtained from Technische Universität Berlin who generated  organoids from patient material with ethical approval from the University of  Würzburg’s ethics committee (Approval 37/16) [37]. Primary human keratinocytes  and dermal fibroblasts were isolated from juvenile foreskin according to  established standard procedures, with written, informed consent and ethical  approval from Charité Ethics Board, Approval EA2/128/23 (Titled: “Usage of  juvenile foreskin to isolate primary skin cells for preclinical research”),  approved on 21.07.2023. Human Intestinal Fibroblasts (#2920) were obtained from  ScienCell in compliance with legal and ethical standards. Donors provided  informed consent under IRB-approved protocols, acknowledging that participation  is voluntary, care is unaffected, and biological data may be stored indefinitely  and used for research purposes. Consent forms are maintained by partner  non-profits. Further details are available at:  https://sciencellonline.com/technical-support/ethical-statement . Human Cardiac  Fibroblasts (#306v-05a) were obtained from Cell Applications Inc. (USA) and are  approved to be used for research use only. Tissue procurement was conducted by  certified U.S.-based organizations (e.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was reviewed and approved by Koç University Social  Sciences Research Ethics Committee, with reference number 2018.007.IRB3.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.S.P.L. has received  consulting fees from Novartis.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.D.N.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.W., D.Y. and F.M. declare  stock holdings in MGI.
Author information: (1)Medical Oncology, IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria di Bologna,  Bologna, Italy; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences (DIMEC), University  of Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (2)Medical Oncology, IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria di Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. Electronic address: veronica.mollica7@gmail.com. (3)Clinical oncology, Sociedad de Oncología y Hematología del Cesar, Valledupar,  Colombia. (4)Department of Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center Madrid, Madrid,  Spain. (5)Department of Oncology and Radiotherapeutics, Faculty of Medicine, University  Hospital in Pilsen, Charles University, Pilsen, Czech Republic; Biomedical  Center, Faculty of Medicine in Pilsen, Charles University, Pilsen, Czech  Republic. (6)Division of Medical Oncology, National Cancer Centre Singapore, Singapore. (7)Division of Medical Oncology, Department of Internal Medicine, University of  Kansas Cancer Center, Westwood, KS, USA. (8)Medical Oncology, Fundación Instituto Valenciano de Oncología, Valencia,  Spain. (9)Masaryk Memorial Cancer Institute, Brno, Czech Republic; Faculty of Medicine,  Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic. (10)Department of Medical Oncology, IRCCS Istituto Romagnolo per lo Studio dei  Tumori (IRST) "Dino Amadori", Meldola, Italy. (11)Instituto Nacional de Ciencias Médicas y Nutrición Salvador Zubirán, Mexico  City, Mexico. (12)Medical Oncology Department, CHU Insular-Materno Infantil, Las Palmas,  Spain. (13)Medical Oncology Unit, Presidio Ospedaliero Pugliese Ciaccio, Azienda  Ospedaliera Universitaria "Renato Dulbecco", Catanzaro, Italy. (14)Department of Oncology, Tampere Cancer Center, Faculty of Medicine and  Health Technology, Tampere University Hospital, Tampere University, Tampere,  Finland. (15)S.S.D.
Copyright © 2025 European Association of Urology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All  rights reserved.
Jpn J Infect Dis. 2025 Jul 31. doi: 10.7883/yoken.JJID.
DOI: 10.7883/yoken.JJID.
Jpn J Infect Dis. 2025 Jul 31. doi: 10.7883/yoken.JJID.
DOI: 10.7883/yoken.JJID.
INTRODUCTION: Healthcare settings are experiencing profound changes that make  them increasingly complex and demanding environments, particularly for nurses.  Against this backdrop are the numerous phenomena of violence in healthcare  settings, which are a worrying reflection of the growing problem of aggression  in society. Institutions maintain a constant focus on the phenomenon while  trying to counter it; however, workplace aggression is still on the  rise.Workplace violence (WPV) potentially leads to lower quality of care and  increased costs; it also exposes nurses to burnout, turnover and intention to  leave the profession.The purpose of this scoping review is to explore the  physical and psychological consequences on nurses who are victims of WPV and to  identify possible correlations with burnout, turnover and intention to leave the  workforce.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Breathlessness is associated with higher rates of  unplanned health service utilisation. We aimed to evaluate any associations  between the severity of breathlessness limiting exertion (hereafter  breathlessness), time between breathlessness recording and subsequent unplanned  hospital admissions, and length of stay. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of adults seen in general practice (UK  Clinical Practice Research Datalink) with breathlessness (Medical Research  Council (MRC) breathlessness scale; 1-5; 5 is most intense), no pre-existing  cardio-respiratory disease and a subsequent unplanned hospital admission. Data  from 2007 to 2017 were used. By intensity of breathlessness, time to first  unplanned admission and hospital length of stay were evaluated, the latter using  negative binomial regression. RESULTS: 103 917 adults had breathlessness scores recorded, of which 16 948 used  MRC. 11 911 (70%) adults had a subsequent unplanned hospital admission (median  (IQR) of 1538 days (846-2258)) later. More intense breathlessness was associated  with higher age, higher body mass index and being a smoker/ex-smoker.Length of  time between a first-recorded breathlessness score and the first unplanned  hospital admission decreased significantly with higher MRC scores (MRC 1: 1167  days; MRC 5: 615 days).Negative binomial regression showed an association  between higher MRC scores and an increased length of inpatient stay (p<0.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Unrelated to this work, DCC  is an unpaid member of an advisory board for Helsinn Pharmaceuticals and  Specialist Therapeutics, and has consulted to, and received intellectual  property payments from Mayne Pharma. Unrelated to this work, AB’s Unit has  received grants from Medtronic, and he has received consultancy fees from  AstraZeneca and Lilly, all for work on heart failure in the past five years. ME  declares no conflicts of interest related to this work. Unrelated to this work,  ME has received a research grant from ResMed and personal fees from AstraZeneca,  Boehringer Ingelheim, Novartis and Roche.The remaining authors report no  conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest statement: Funding Support and Author Disclosures Dr  Krumholz has received research grants from Johnson and Johnson, Agency for  Healthcare Research and Quality, Yale-New Haven Hospital contracts, NHLBI, and  National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering, Novartis (unpaid),  and Pfizer (unpaid); has received consultant fees/honoraria from Element  Science, Eyedentify, and Journal Watch Cardiology; and has ownership  interest/partnership/principal in Refactor Health. Dr Ky has received research  funding from Pfizer, NIH, PCORI, and AHA. Dr Mann has received consultant  fees/honoraria from Cardurion Pharmaceuticals, Novo Holdings, Haya Therapeutics,  and Tenaya. Dr Moliterno has served on a data safety monitoring board for  Janssen; and has received compensation for serving as an officer, director,  trustee, or other fiduciary role for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest All Pfizer authors are  employees of the company and may own Pfizer stock. BLC has received consulting  fees from Amgen, Cardurion, Corvia, Myokardia, and Novartis. CSL has received  speaker fees and served on advisory boards for GSK, MSD, Pfizer, Takeda, and  Valneva. LK has received speaker fees from Novo Nordisk, Novartis, AstraZeneca,  Boehringer Ingelheim, and Bayer. SDS has received research grants from Actelion,  Alnylam, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bellerophon, Bayer, BMS, Celladon, Cytokinetics,  Eidos, Gilead, GSK, Ionis, Lilly, Mesoblast, MyoKardia, NIH/NHLBI, Neurotronik,  Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Respicardia, Sanofi, Theracos, US2.AI and consulted for  Abbott, Action, Akros, Alnylam, Amgen, Arena, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer  Ingelheim, BMS, Cardior, Cardurion, Corvia, Cytokinetics, Daiichi-Sankyo, GSK,  Lilly, Merck, Myokardia, Novartis, Roche, Theracos, Quantum Genomics, Cardurion,  Janssen, Cardiac Dimensions, Tenaya, Sanofi, Dinaqor, Tremeau, CellProThera,  Moderna, American Regent, Sarepta, Lexicon, Anacardio, Akros, and Puretech  Health.
R&D productivity has long challenged research-based pharmaceutical companies,  raising concerns about the sustainability of their research-driven business  models. These firms have traditionally relied on the U.S. as a stable hub for  biomedical innovation, skilled talent, and high-price markets-supporting the  biotech-leveraged pharma company (BIPCO) model However, recent geopolitical  shifts-especially under the new Trump administration, including FDA budget cuts,  reduced U.S. research funding, and pharmaceutical tariffs-are destabilizing this  foundation.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests H.F., F.F.A.
Author information: (1)National Chemistry School of Rennes, France; Laboratory of Histology and  Embryology, Department of Microscopy, ICBAS - School of Medicine and Biomedical  Sciences, U.Porto - University of Porto, Portugal.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Basic Sciences, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Ur. C., Islamic  Azad University, Urmia, Iran. (2)Department of Basic Sciences, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Ur. C., Islamic  Azad University, Urmia, Iran. Electronic address: mr.farahpour@iau.ac.ir. (3)Department of Chemistry, Ah.C., Islamic Azad University, Ahar, Iran.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Sociedad Española de Rehabilitación y Medicina Física.  Publicado por Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Strategic Information Unit, ICAP at Columbia University, New York, NY, United  States. (2)Bilateral Health Office, U.S. Agency for International Development/Southern  Africa, 100 Totius Street, Pretoria, 0027, South Africa, 27 0764803906.
MOTIVATION: Evaluation of single-cell protein expression from  immunohistochemistry images is used increasingly in biomedical research. Many  proteins are used solely for phenotyping cells in the tumor microenvironment.  Other proteins with meaningfully quantitative expression levels provide  so-called functional protein biomarkers. There is still a limited number of  methods and software tools available for utilizing the entire distributions of  single-cell expression levels. RESULTS: We present the R package hyper.gam, providing a supervised learning  framework for deriving biomarkers based on single-cell distribution quantiles.  The single-cell data are first converted into sample quantile functions, which  are then used as predictors in scalar-on-function regression models to estimate  the integrand surface. The estimated integrand surface defines the quantile  index predictors based on the single-cell expression levels in a new test set.  The package features a user-friendly interface and visual tools enabling  exploration of the estimated integrand surfaces. Our tools are motivated by the  need for biomarkers, taking into account heterogeneous protein expression levels  in a tissue, but they can be applied to other types of single-cell data. AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION: R package hyper.gam and vignette are available  at https://CRAN.R-project.
Author information: (1)Department of Oral Medicine & Radiology, Government Dental College &  Hospital, Nagpur, Maharashtra, India. (2)Department of Oral Pathology & Microbiology, Saveetha Dental College and  Hospital, Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences, Saveetha  University, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. (3)Department of Oral Pathology & Microbiology, Dr. D.Y. Patil Dental College &  Hospital, Dr.
BACKGROUND: The effectiveness of oral submucous fibrosis (OSF) treatment is  currently assessed with a broad range of clinical outcome measures. This  heterogeneity complicates study comparison, synthesis of results, and  evidence-based clinical practice guideline development. A core outcome set (COS)  is a set of agreed, standardized outcomes that will be measured and reported  across all clinical trials for a particular condition. OBJECTIVE: Our aim is to create a COS (OSFCOS) for efficacy trials that look at  the management OSF. METHODS: An initial list of the potentially relevant outcomes will be drawn by a  systematic review of randomized controlled trials focused on OSF treatment. An  e-Delphi process will be done to obtain agreement among important stakeholders.  The stakeholders will consist of OSF patients, members of the Indian Academy of  Oral Medicine & Radiology, the representatives from the Indian Dental  Association, clinical researchers, and other oral health specialists.  Participants will be asked to rate the importance of each outcome on a  structured online questionnaire. Participants will also be allowed to propose  new outcomes in Round 1. Feedback and the aggregated scores will be given in  later rounds to guide re-rating. If after the second round, there is still no  consensus, a third round will be taken.Final consensus on outcome inclusion will  be determined based on predefined criteria.
Conflict of interest statement: I have read the journal's policy and the authors  of this manuscript have the following competing interests: W.C.V.V. is the  president of ParaTheraTech Inc, a company involved with developing BKIs for use  in animal health.
Author information: (1)Cell Biology, Anatomy III, Biomedical Center Munich (BMC), Faculty of  Medicine, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU), Planegg-Martinsried,  Germany. (2)Laboratory for Functional Genome Analysis LAFUGA, Gene Center, Ludwig  Maximilian University of Munich (LMU), Munich, Germany. (3)Division of Neuroscience, Oregon National Primate Research Center (ONPRC),  Oregon Health & Science University, Beaverton, Oregon, USA. (4)Fertility Centre A.R.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: Gerd  Klinkmann has received funding for lectures for Artcline and CytoSorb Europe and  has received research grants from the German Research Foundation and the German  Society of Anaesthesiology and Intensive Care; Thiago Reis has received funding  for lectures and has been consultant or advisory board member for Alexion,  AstraZeneca, B. Braun, Baxter, bioMérieux, Boehringer Ingelheim, Contatti  (CytoSorbents), Eurofarma, George Clinical, Jafron, Lifepharma, Medcorp, Nipro,  and Nova Biomedical. Gonzalo Ramírez-Guerrero has received funding for lectures  for AstraZeneca, B.Braun, Baxter, Fresenius Medical Care, Novo Nordisk.
Author information: (1)SIFI S.P.A.
Conflict of interest statement: Acknowledgments: Editorial support services for  this article were provided by Debbie Kendall of Kendall Editorial in Richmond,  VA. The authors thank Dr Emily Anderson-Baucum of Indiana University School of  Medicine for her helpful edits and comments. The contributions of SJR and RDL  were made in collaboration with the UK T1D Research Consortium. Portions of the  content were presented at a symposium at the ADA’s 84th Scientific Sessions on  24 June 2024 in Orlando, FL, USA. A video presentation is included in the ESM  (ESM Video 1). Funding: The 2024 Diabetes, Diabetes Care, and Diabetologia  Expert Forum ‘The Heterogeneity of Type 1 Diabetes: Pathogenesis, Prevention,  and Treatment’, including a subsequent symposium presented on this topic and the  preparation of this article, was supported by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant  number NNF24SA0092023). JRM is supported by National Institutes of Health grants  R01DK114233, UG3DK142188, R01DK127497, and R01DK138469; Breakthrough T1D grants  3-SRA-2023-1295-S-B and 3-SRA-2024-1555-S-B; the Edward J. Mallinckrodt  Foundation; and the Anita Palmer Corbin Trust. MJR is supported by the National  Institutes of Health, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney  Diseases grants R01 DK124395 and R01 DK121843. SJR is supported by a Steve  Morgan Foundation/Diabetes UK/Breakthrough T1D Grand Challenge Senior Research  Fellowship (22/0006504). Authors’ relationships and activities: CE-M has served  on advisory boards related to type 1 diabetes research clinical trial  initiatives for Avotres, DiogenX, Dompe Pharmaceuticals, Isla Technologies,  MaiCell Technologies, and Provention Bio and holds a patent (16/291,668) for  Extracellular Vesicle Ribonucleic Acid (RNA) Cargo as a Biomarker of  Hyperglycaemia and Type 1 Diabetes and a provisional patent (63/285,765) for  Biomarker for Type 1 Diabetes (PDIA1 as a biomarker of β-cell stress). ÅL is on  the Advisory Board of Diamyd. CM serves or has served on advisory panels for  Abbott, Bayer, Biomea Fusion, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dexcom, Eli Lilly, Insulet,  Medtronic, Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Roche, SAB Bio, Sanofi, and Vertex and serves  or has served on speakers bureaus for Abbott, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dexcom, Eli  Lilly, Medtronic, Novo Nordisk, Sanofi, and Vertex. Financial compensation for  these activities has been received by her institution, which has also received  support for her research from ActoBio Therapeutics, Medtronic, Novo Nordisk, and  Sanofi. She is also president of the European Association for the Study of  Diabetes (EASD). External support of EASD can be found online at www.easd.org .  JRM is an inventor on patents and patent applications related to SC-islets, was  employed at Sana Biotechnology, and has stock in Sana Biotechnology. RGM serves  on the scientific advisory board for Veralox Therapeutics; holds a patent (US  10,738,343 B2) for ‘Extracellular Vesicle Ribonucleic Acid (RNA) Cargo as a  Biomarker of Hyperglycemia and Type 1 Diabetes and a patent (US 11,268,148 B2)  for ‘DNA Methylation in Inflammatory Disease’; and has received  investigator-initiated grants from Hibercell, Inc., and Veralox Therapeutics. FP  has served on advisory boards related to type 1 diabetes screening for Sanofi.  MJR is a member of the Editorial Board of Diabetologia. SSR is a consultant for  the Administrative Coordinating Center for the National Heart, Lung, and Blood  Institute Trans-Omics for Precision Medicine (TOPMed) programme and Westat and  has received lecture fees from Sanofi. MRR has received consulting fees from  Novo Nordisk, Sernova Corp., and Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; speaker honoraria  from Bayer Healthcare Co.; and research support from Dompé farmaceutici S.p.A.  and Tandem Diabetes.
Author information: (1)Center for Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Indiana University School of  Medicine, Indianapolis, IN. (2)Department of Pediatrics and the Herman B Wells Center for Pediatric  Research, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN. (3)Richard L. Roudebush VA Medical Center, Indianapolis, IN. (4)Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for  Medical Research Israel-Canada, Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School,  Jerusalem, Israel. (5)Department of Clinical Sciences, Lund University CRC, Skåne University  Hospital, Malmö, Sweden. (6)Clinical and Experimental Endocrinology, University of Leuven, Leuven,  Belgium. (7)Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism and Lipid Research, Washington  University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO. (8)Diabetes Research and Training Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago,  IL. (9)Translational Type 1 Diabetes Research, Department of Clinical and  Translational Research, Steno Diabetes Center Copenhagen, Herlev, Denmark. (10)Department of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences,  University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (11)Baylor College of Medicine, Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX. (12)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA. (13)Exeter Centre of Excellence for Diabetes Research, Department of Clinical  and Biomedical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter, U.K. (14)Institute for Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism, University of Pennsylvania  Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA.
Author information: (1)Center for Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Indiana University School of  Medicine, Indianapolis, IN. (2)Department of Pediatrics and the Herman B Wells Center for Pediatric  Research, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN. (3)Richard L. Roudebush VA Medical Center, Indianapolis, IN. (4)Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for  Medical Research Israel-Canada, Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical School,  Jerusalem, Israel. (5)Department of Clinical Sciences, Lund University CRC, Skåne University  Hospital, Malmö, Sweden. (6)Clinical and Experimental Endocrinology, University of Leuven, Leuven,  Belgium. (7)Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism and Lipid Research, Washington  University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO. (8)Diabetes Research and Training Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago,  IL. (9)Translational Type 1 Diabetes Research, Department of Clinical and  Translational Research, Steno Diabetes Center Copenhagen, Herlev, Denmark. (10)Department of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences,  University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (11)Baylor College of Medicine, Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX. (12)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA. (13)Exeter Centre of Excellence for Diabetes Research, Department of Clinical  and Biomedical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter, U.K. (14)Institute for Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism, University of Pennsylvania  Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA.
Multidrug-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae continues to challenge healthcare  services globally. However, our understanding of its occurrence, genomic  characteristics, and epidemiology in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs)  remains severely limited. In this study, we report the whole-genome sequencing  of an extended-spectrum β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing, sequence type (ST) 37 K.  pneumoniae isolate (ARM02) recovered from a patient in Armenia. Antibiotic  susceptibility testing revealed that ARM02 was resistant to four of the 11  antibiotics tested, including ampicillin, amoxicillin-clavulanic acid, cefepime,  and ceftazidime. Genome sequencing analysis identified seven antimicrobial  resistance (AMR) genes in ARM02, including blaTEM-1D, blaSHV-11, dfrA14, sul2,  strA, strB, and the ESBL-producing gene blaCTX-M-15. In addition, ARM02 harbored  12 virulence genes, including the common pilus fibrillin subunit encoding gene  yagZ/ecpA and a complete yersiniabactin siderophore system (irp1, irp2,  ybtAEPQSTUX, and fyuA). Moreover, we also detected five insertion sequences and  two plasmid replicons in the ARM02 genome. Phylogenetic analysis showed that  ARM02 shared a common ancestor with the USA strains SRR5283489 and SRR5973349,  diverging around 2007 (95% onfidence interval, 2004 to 2011). However, ARM02  carried a unique accessory genome, indicating independent evolution and spread.  Our findings highlight the co-existence of virulence and resistance genes in the  Armenian ST37 strain and emphasize the critical need for genomic surveillance in  LMICs. This is crucial for understanding how gram-negative bacterial pathogens,  such as ESBL-producing K. pneumoniae, which remain on the WHO's Priority  Pathogens list, evolve and spread in LMICs, and how they contribute to the  global AMR crisis.IMPORTANCEWe report the first genomic analysis of an  extended-spectrum β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST37  isolate (ARM02) recovered from a hospitalized patient in Armenia.
Author information: (1)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Department of Medicine, Brigham  and Women's Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (2)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and Sleep Medicine, Department of  Medicine, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (3)Division of Sleep Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (4)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Author information: (1)State Key Laboratory of Biomedical Imaging Science and System, Key Laboratory  of Biomedical Imaging Science and System, Paul C.Lauterbur Research Center For  Biomedical lmaging, Research Center for Advanced Detection Materials and Medical  Imaging Devices, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of  Sciences, Shenzhen, 518055, China.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors did not report any disclosures  related to this work. C.D.B.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: None of the authors have a  conflict of interest related to this work. T.F.A.
Author information: (1)Wake Forest University School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, North Carolina,  USA. (2)U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Children's  Nutrition Research Center, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: J.T.‐V.
BackgroundOsteosarcoma (OS) is an aggressive bone tumour which affects mostly  young children. Despite advances in chemotherapy regimens there is still high  fatality and cure rates remain low. Annona muricata Graviola (GR) is a tropical  fruit bearing tree whose leaves, stems and fruits have indigenous medicinal  properties. Studies have shown that GR has anti-tumour effects on breast, liver  and prostate tumours.ObjectivesThe aim of this study was to investigate the  effect of GR on bone cancer cell lines of the OS lineage.MethodsTwo human OS  cell lines; HOS and MG63 were cultured with GR (300 mg/mL) for 24 h at 37°C.
BACKGROUND: Albinism is a rare genetic condition characterized by  hypopigmentation of the skin, hair, and eyes, as well as visual impairments.  Oculocutaneous albinism type 2 (OCA2) is commonly associated with variants in  the OCA2 gene, which encodes a protein critical for melanosomal pH regulation  and melanin biosynthesis. Exome sequencing, validated by Sanger sequencing, was  employed to investigate the genetic basis of albinism in a consanguineous  Iranian family. Bioinformatics analyses and structural modeling were conducted  to assess the pathogenicity and impact of the detected variant. CASE PRESENTATION: A 27-year-old male from a consanguineous Iranian family  presented with features of oculocutaneous albinism, including white hair, blue  eyes, strabismus, sun-sensitive skin, reduced visual acuity, and significant  photophobia, resulting in functional limitations in bright environments. Genetic  analysis identified a novel homozygous missense variant in the OCA2 gene,  NM_000275.3:c.1274T>G (p.Met425Arg), located in exon 13.
BACKGROUND: Cognitive impairment is common in multiple sclerosis (MS).  Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with adaptive cognitive  training (aCT) may improve clinical outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of active vs. sham home-based tDCS + aCT on  cognitive function. METHODS: Participants with MS and fatigue, without depression or severe  cognitive impairment, were randomized to complete 30 remotely supervised  20-minute sessions of active (2.0 mA) or sham tDCS targeting the left anodal  dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, paired with aCT. Randomization was stratified by  high (H) vs. low (L) EDSS. The Brief International Cognitive Assessment in MS  (BICAMS) was administered at baseline and intervention end, with scores  converted to demographics-adjusted z-scores. RESULTS: Out of 117 participants, 106 completed BICAMS assessments. Compliance  was high; 92% completed >25 sessions. Mean change in BICAMS z-score was  significantly greater in the active (n = 55: 0.06 ± 0.56) versus sham (n = 51:  -0.16 ± 0.50) group (p = 0.035). The interaction between treatment and EDSS for  BICAMS z-score was not significant (p = .254), but benefits were greater in H  EDSS (-0.00 ± 0.57 vs. -0.37 ± 0.39; p = .022) than L EDSS (0.11 ± 0.56 vs.  -0.01 ± 0.53; p = .411). CONCLUSIONS: Active vs. sham tDCS + aCT resulted in significantly better  cognitive outcomes, with the greatest benefit in those with high neurologic  disability.CLINICALTRIALS.GOV; https://clinicaltrials.
Conflict of interest statement: R.L. and H.Z. are co-inventors of a patent  application covering the reported strategy to prepare diabetic wound dressing  and its applications.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest disclosure: B.K. reports  consulting roles with Genentech/Roche, ADC Therapeutics, AbbVie, AstraZeneca,  BeiGene, Celgene/Bristol Myers Squibb, Kite, Genmab, Lilly, and GlaxoSmithKline;  and research funding from Genentech/Roche, AbbVie, AstraZeneca, and BeiGene.
Conflict of interest statement: A.N.C.
BACKGROUND: Methylation class pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma (mcPXA) comprises  tumors with the DNA methylation signature of classical PXA but with a wider  histologic spectrum, including overlap with glioblastoma (GBM). METHODS: To clarify the histologic and molecular scope of mcPXA and characterize  its clinical behavior, a cohort of 469 tumor samples from 458 patients matching  to mcPXA by the DKFZ classifier (v12.6 score ≥0.85) was interrogated. RESULTS: Patient median age was 23 years (range 1-73 years) with a female  predominance (259 female/199 male). CDKN2A/B homozygous deletion was observed in  406 of 469 (87%) samples. In samples tested for BRAF p.V600E mutations  (n = 279), 240 (86%) harbored the mutation.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest outside the present work:  M. Filippi is Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Neurology, Associate Editor of  Human Brain Mapping, Neurological Sciences, and Radiology, received compensation  for consulting services from Alexion, Almirall, Biogen, Merck, Novartis, Roche,  Sanofi, speaking activities from Bayer, Biogen, Celgene, Chiesi Italia SpA, Eli  Lilly, Genzyme, Janssen, Merck-Serono, Neopharmed Gentili, Novartis, Novo  Nordisk, Roche, Sanofi, Takeda, and TEVA, participation in Advisory Boards for  Alexion, Biogen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi,  Sanofi-Aventis, Sanofi-Genzyme, Takeda, scientific direction of educational  events for Biogen, Merck, Roche, Celgene, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Lilly, Novartis,  Sanofi-Genzyme, he receives research support from Biogen Idec, Merck-Serono,  Novartis, Roche, the Italian Ministry of Health, the Italian Ministry of  University and Research, and Fondazione Italiana Sclerosi Multipla. M.A. Rocca  received consulting fees from Biogen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Janssen,  Roche; and speaker honoraria from AstraZeneca, Biogen, Bristol Myers Squibb,  Bromatech, Celgene, Genzyme, Horizon Therapeutics Italy, Merck Serono SpA,  Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and Teva.
Author information: (1)Department of Surgery, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, USA. (2)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at  Austin, Austin, USA. (3)Department of Population Health Sciences, Weill Cornell Medicine, New York,  USA. (4)Department of Radiology, Mayo Clinic, Phoenix, USA. (5)Cooperative Medianet Innovation Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University,  Shanghai, China. (6)Shanghai AI Laboratory, Shanghai, China. (7)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, USA. (8)Department of Radiology & Biomedical Imaging, Yale University, New Haven,  USA. (9)Center for Innovation in Data Engineering and Science, Department of Computer  and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, USA. (10)School of Electrical, Computer and Energy Engineering, Arizona State  University, Tempe, USA. (11)Department of Radiology, The University of Tokyo Hospital, Tokyo, Japan. (12)School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, USA. (13)Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, Chile. (14)Millennium Institute for Intelligent Healthcare Engineering (iHEALTH),  National Center for Artificial Intelligence (CENIA), Santiago, Chile. (15)School of Informatics, Xiamen University, Xiamen, China. (16)Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea. (17)Center for Innovation in Data Engineering and Science, Departments of  Electrical and Systems Engineering & Radiology, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, USA. (18)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Center for Biotechnology and  Interdisciplinary Studies, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY, USA. (19)Institute of High Performance Computing, A*STAR, Singapore. (20)Laboratory for Computational Physiology, Massachusetts Institute of  Technology, Cambridge, USA. (21)Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care and Sleep Medicine, Beth Israel  Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, USA. (22)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, USA.
INTRODUCTION: Emergent Alzheimer's disease (AD) represents a transitional stage  where cognitively unimpaired (CU) individuals exhibit subthreshold but  increasing amyloid-β (Aβ) levels. The impact of Aβ accumulation on brain volume  loss and cognition during this early stage remains unclear. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study analyzed data from 408 CU participants  who were initially Aβ- (< 15 Centiloids) and followed for up to 15 years.  Changes in basal forebrain and hippocampal volume, along with domain-specific  cognitive performance, were compared between those who progressed to Aβ+ (≥20  Centiloids) and those who remained Aβ-. RESULTS: Sixty-five CU participants progressed to Aβ+, indicating emergent AD,  and showed faster Aβ accumulation and subtle memory decline. However, no  significant differences in rate of BF and hippocampal atrophy were observed  between groups. DISCUSSION: The results suggest that during this emergent phase of AD, Aβ  accumulation is associated with episodic memory loss, in the absence of  detectable accelerated brain atrophy. HIGHLIGHTS: Identified cognitively unimpaired individuals in the emergent stage  of Alzheimer's disease (AD).Emergent AD exhibits a greater rate of amyloid-β  (Aβ) accumulation.No accelerated volume loss detected in the basal forebrain or  hippocampus.Emergent AD is also associated with a subtle decline in memory.Early  Aβ accumulation may impair cognitive function before structural atrophy.
Conflict of interest statement: One or more of the authors have declared the  following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: The study was  funded by Deutsche Arthrose-Hilfe e.V. (P486-A1195, Saarlouis, Germany), Swiss  Orthopaedics, and the Clinic of Orthopaedics and Traumatology of the University  Hospital Basel, Basel, Switzerland.
BACKGROUND: Atrial fibrillation (AF) alters heart rate, rhythm regularity, and  atrial contraction, which may contribute to an increased risk of heart failure.  Although rate and rhythm control target different aspects of these disturbances,  their specific effects on left ventricular (LV) function remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to predict the independent and combined  contribution of heart rate, rhythm regularity, and atrial contraction to LV  function in patients with AF. METHODS: We predicted LV ejection fraction (EF) and stroke volume (SV) in 10  whole-heart patient-specific models of patients with AF while varying heart  rate, rhythm regularity, and effectiveness of atrial contraction.AF was modeled  as a fast, irregular heart rate with no atrial contraction.
Conflict of interest statement: G.P., C.M.A.
Conflict of interest statement: S.P. is founder, chief scientific officer, and  shareholder (> 5%) of CITC Ltd.
Author information: (1)College of Chemistry, Chemical Engineering and Materials Science,  Collaborative Innovation Center of Functionalized Probes for Chemical Imaging in  Universities of Shandong, Key Laboratory of Molecular and Nano Probes, Ministry  of Education, Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Shandong Normal University,  Jinan, 250014, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)College of Materials Science and Chemical Engineering, Harbin Engineering  University, Harbin, Heilongjiang, 150001, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Interventional Cardiology Unit, Department of Cardiac, Thoracic and Vascular  Sciences, Padua University Hospital, Padua, Italy. (2)Cardiology Unit, Cardiac Thoracic and Vascular Department, IRCCS Azienda  Ospedaliero-Universitaria di Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (3)Cardiac, Thoracic and Vascular Department, Università di Bologna, Bologna,  Italy. (4)Unit of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Public Health, Department of Cardiac,  Thoracic and Vascular Sciences, University of Padova, Padua, Italy. (5)Kerckhoff Heart Center, Bad Nauheim, Germany. (6)Cardiology & Angiology, Justus-Liebig-University of Giessen, Giessen,  Germany. (7)UOC Cardiologia Interventistica, Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria Senese,  Siena, Italy. (8)Heart Center, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen University Hospital, Copenhagen,  Denmark. (9)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Instituto de Ciencias Básicas y Preclínicas "Victoria de Girón", Universidad  de Ciencias Médicas de La Habana, Havana 11300, Cuba. (2)Department of Immunology and Infection, Biomedical Research Institute,  Hasselt University, 3590 Diepenbeek, Belgium. (3)University MS Center, 3590 Diepenbeek, Belgium. (4)Center of Molecular Immunology, Havana 11300, Cuba. (5)Abu Dhabi Stem Cells Center, Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 4600, United Arab Emirates.
Conflict of interest statement: Author Roberto Grau was employed by the company  Kyojin S.A. The remaining authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Author information: (1)Julius Global Health, Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care,  University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The  Netherlands. (2)Julius Clinical, 3703 CD Zeist, The Netherlands. (3)Clin-Q B.V., 9723 DJ Groningen, The Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: L.C.Z.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.  The funders had no role in the design of the study; in the collection, analyses,  or interpretation of data; in the writing of the manuscript; or in the decision  to publish the results. The opinions and assertions expressed herein are those  of the authors and do not reflect the official policy or position of the  Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences or the Department of  Defense, or the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military  Medicine, Inc. (HJF). Mention of trade names, commercial products, or  organizations does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.
Conflict of interest statement: Authors D.A.M.
Background/Objectives: This study aimed to enhance the oral delivery and  therapeutic synergy of atorvastatin (AT) and docetaxel (DT) through a metronomic  schedule using a transporter-targeted nanoemulsion (NE), with the goal of  improving antitumor efficacy and immune modulation. Methods: AT and DT were  co-encapsulated in a NE system (AT/DT-NE#E) incorporating deoxycholic acid-DOTAP  (D-TAP), biotin-conjugated phospholipid (Biotin-PE), and d-α-tocopherol  polyethylene glycol succinate (TPGS) to exploit bile acid and multivitamin  transport pathways and inhibit P-glycoprotein efflux. The optimized NE was  characterized physicochemically and evaluated for permeability in artificial  membranes and Caco-2/HT29-MTX-E12 monolayers. Pharmacokinetics, tumor  suppression, and immune cell infiltration were assessed in vivo using rat and  CT26.CL25 mouse models.
Conflict of interest statement: Vanessa Pereira work at Farmodiética S.A., one  of the study sponsors.
Conflict of interest statement: R.R.-G.
Author information: (1)Department of Training and Movement Science, Institute of Sport Science,  Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, 55122 Mainz, Germany. (2)Research Laboratory, Molecular Bases of Human Pathology, LR19ES13, Faculty of  Medicine of Sfax, University of Sfax, Sfax 3000, Tunisia. (3)High Institute of Sport and Physical Education of Sfax, University of Sfax,  Sfax 3000, Tunisia. (4)Department of Movement Sciences and Sports Training, School of Sport Science,  The University of Jordan, Amman 11942, Jordan. (5)Research Laboratory: Education, Motricity, Sport and Health, EM2S, LR19JS01,  High Institute of Sport and Physical Education of Sfax, University of Sfax, Sfax  3000, Tunisia. (6)Multimedia Information Systems and Advanced Computing Laboratory (MIRACL),  University of Sfax, Sfax 3021, Tunisia. (7)Higher Institute of Information Science and Multimedia of Sfax (ISIMS),  University of Sfax, Sfax 3021, Tunisia. (8)Department of Experimental Sports Nutrition, Faculty of Sports Sciences,  Leipzig University, 04109 Leipzig, Germany. (9)Department of Sports Economics, Sociology and History, Institute of Sport  Science, Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, 55122 Mainz, Germany. (10)Department of Nutrition and Food Technology, School of Agriculture, The  University of Jordan, Amman 11942, Jordan. (11)Faculty of Sports Sciences, Istanbul Aydın University, 34295 Istanbul,  Turkey. (12)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences, University of  Catania, 95123 Catania, Italy. (13)Faculty of Sport Sciences, Assiut University, Assiut 71515, Egypt. (14)ESLSCA University Egypt, Giza 12676, Egypt. (15)Interdisciplinary Laboratory in Neurosciences, Physiology, and Psychology:  Physical Activity, Health, and Learning (LINP2), UFR STAPS, Paris Nanterre  University, 92000 Nanterre, France. (16)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Jozef Pilsudski University of Physical  Education in Warsaw, 00-968 Warsaw, Poland. (17)Department BioEngineering, Institut Universitaire de Technologie IUT-Dijon,  Université Bougogne Europe, Blvd Dr. Petitjean, CEDEX, 21078 Dijon, France. (18)Joint Research Unit UMR PAM-PCAV (Physical-Chemistry of Food and Wine  Laboratory), Université Bourgogne Europe/Institut AgroDijon/INRAE, 1 Esplanade  Erasme, 21000 Dijon, France. (19)Vitagora Innovation Cluster, 21000 Dijon, France. (20)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Food Science,  Toxicology and Forensic Medicine, Faculty of Pharmacy & Food Sciences,  University of Valencia, 46100 Valencia, Spain. (21)Department of Agricultural Food and Forest Sciences, University of Palermo,  Viale delle Scienze, 90128 Palermo, Italy. (22)Laboratory of Marine Biochemistry and Ecotoxicology, Department of Earth and  Marine Sciences DiSTeM, University of Palermo, Via Barlotta 4, 91100 Trapani,  Italy. (23)Microtarians Academy, 1746 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. (24)Laboratory of Food and Food By-Products Chemistry and Processing Technology,  National School of Agriculture in Meknès, km 10, Haj Kaddour Road, B.P. S/40,  Meknès 50001, Morocco.
Conflict of interest statement: Authors S.L., S.C. and J.C.C.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following financial  interest/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing  interest: Brian S. J. Blagg (B.S.J.B.) and Sanket J.
Author information: (1)Pharmaceutical Sciences Department, College of Pharmacy, QU Health, Qatar  University, Doha P.O. Box 2713, Qatar.
Author information: (1)Department of Biological Sciences, School of Pure and Applied Sciences, Kisii  University, Kisii P.O. Box 408-40200, Kenya.
Author information: (1)Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Ariel University, Ariel  40700, Israel. (2)Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, G.L. Bajaj Institute  of Technology & Management, Knowledge Park III, Greater Noida 201306, India.
Author information: (1)Department of Public Health, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of  Stavanger, Stavanger, 4036, Norway. Rosalynn.Austin@uis.
Copyright © 2025 The Society for Biotechnology, Japan. Published by Elsevier  B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Children's Medical Center Research Institute, University of Texas  Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (2)Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (3)Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne,  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (4)Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Peter O'Donnell School of Public  Health, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (5)Department of Dermatology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,  Dallas, TX, USA. (6)Department of Medical Oncology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical  Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (7)Department of Otolaryngology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical  Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (8)Department of Surgical Oncology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical  Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (9)Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences, University of Texas  Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (10)Section of Hematology and Oncology, Department of Medicine, University of  Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA. (11)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Chevy Chase, MD, USA. (12)Children's Medical Center Research Institute, University of Texas  Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.  Ralph.DeBerardinis@UTSouthwestern.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: B.T. has served on the  Squamous Cell Carcinoma Advisory Board for Regeneron.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: At the time of writing,  M.C. is associated with Cambridge Precision Medicine Limited.
Author information: (1)Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care, Department of  Epidemiology & Health economics, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht  University, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (2)Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care, Department of Bioethics &  Health Humanities, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University,  Utrecht, The Netherlands. (3)Department of Pulmonology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht  University, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (4)Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care, Department of  Epidemiology & Health economics, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht  University, Utrecht, The Netherlands. R.M.T.
Author information: (1)Departments of Biomedical Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin, 107  W Dean Keeton Street Stop C0800, Austin, TX, 78712, USA. (2)Livestrong Cancer Institutes, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX,  78712, USA. (3)Oden Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences, The University of  Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, 78712, USA. (4)Texas Advanced Computing Center, Austin, TX, 78758, USA. (5)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas M.D. Anderson  Cancer Center, Houston, TX, 77030, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All the patients involved in this study were enrolled on an  institutional review board approved prospective study at M.D. Anderson Cancer  Center (NCT# 04771806).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P. Abechi, U. Modebelu, L.  Hadjeras, M. Jha, and X. David are employees of Illumina. B. Andika, D.M.  Kivuva, W.O. Nyakundi, and V.W. Wambua are employees of Inqaba Biotec East  Africa Ltd.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.K. receives research  support from Pfizer.
Globally the number of children and adolescents living with a rare disease is  increasing due to improved periconceptional care, advances in diagnostics and  treatments. This exploratory study aimed to examine parents' perceptions of the  quality of life of children with rare diseases. The results will provide  important insights to healthcare professionals who aim to offer child-centered  and family-oriented care. Participating parents were recruited via the knowledge  network for children with rare diseases (KMSK). Qualitative data from an  open-ended survey question on parents' perceptions of children's quality of life  was analyzed using content analysis. Data collection took place from  January-June 2023. The study included 108 primary caregivers of children with  rare diseases. Five categories of parental perceptions of children's quality of  life were identified: (1) pain-free living & joy; (2) partaking in everyday  life; (3) the quest for integration: desire for normality & appreciation of  difference; (4) obtaining developmental milestones and (5) having access to  individualized child- and family-centered care.Conclusions: In addition to  positive health outcomes, social integration, respect for diverse developmental  paths and holistic healthcare services were reported as essential to quality of  life.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: W.-Y.P. is a current  employee of Geninus Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.M.S.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors have read the journal's policy on  disclosure of potential conflicts of interest. A.C.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The authors declare the  following competing interests: Y.K. has received unrelated funding support from  Daiichi Sankyo Pharmaceutical, Toyama Chemical, Tauns Laboratories, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Sponsor: Teva Branded  Pharmaceutical Products R&D LLC. Funding: This study was supported by Teva  Branded Pharmaceutical Products R&D LLC. Conflict of interest: C.U. Correll has  been a consultant and/or advisor to or has received honoraria from AbbVie,  Acadia, Adock Ingram, Alkermes, Allergan, Angelini, Aristo, Biogen,  Boehringer-Ingelheim, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Cardio Diagnostics, Cerevel, CNX  Therapeutics, Compass Pathways, Darnitsa, Delpor, Denovo, Eli Lilly, Gedeon  Richter, Hikma, Holmusk, IntraCellular Therapies, Jamjoom Pharma, Janssen/J&J,  Karuna, LB Pharma, Lundbeck, MedInCell, Merck, Mindpax, Mitsubishi Tanabe  Pharma, Maplight, Mylan, Neumora Therapeutics, Neurocrine, Neurelis, Newron,  Noven, Novo Nordisk, Otsuka, PPD Biotech, Recordati, Relmada, Reviva, Rovi,  Sage, Saladax, Sanofi, Seqirus, SK Life Science, Sumitomo Pharma America,  Sunovion, Sun Pharma, Supernus, Tabuk, Takeda, Teva, Tolmar, Vertex, Viatris,  and Xenon Pharmaceuticals; provided expert testimony for Janssen, Lundbeck and  Otsuka; served on a Data Safety Monitoring Board for Compass Pathways, Denovo,  IntraCellular Therapies, Lundbeck, Relmada, Reviva, Rovi, Supernus, and Teva;  received grant support from Boehringer-Ingelheim, Janssen, and Takeda; received  royalties from UpToDate; and is a stock option holder of Cardio Diagnostics,  Kuleon Biosciences, LB Pharma, Medlink, Mindpax, Quantic, and Terran.
Author information: (1)Department of Anesthesiology, McGovern Medical School, University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX, USA. Ethan.R.Roy@uth.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center  and The First Affiliated Hospital, Sun Yat-sen University have filed for patent  protection for H.L., W.C., Q.W., L.Z., J.L., D.L., and J.W. for work related to  noninvasive screening, diagnosis, and prognosis prediction of CKD.
Author information: (1)Department of Advanced Biomedical Sciences, University of Naples Federico II,  Naples, Italy Raffaele.Piccolo@unina.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal  relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this  paper. Columbia University has filed a US non-provisional patent application  (U.S. Patent Application No.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest Other authors  declare that they have no financial or personal relationships with any  individuals or organizations that could potentially influence the work presented  in this manuscript. Also confirms that there are no conflicts of interest  related to the research, data analysis, interpretation, or publication of this  work.M.I.K. has received grant funding from Onconova Therapeutics and is a  consultant for BioMarin Pharmaceuticals Inc; both funding and consulting  projects are independent of the work in this manuscript.
Author information: (1)Electrochemical Energy Storage Lab, Department of Green Energy Technology,  Madanjeet School of Green Energy Technologies, Pondicherry University,  Puducherry 605014, India. (2)Instituto de Alta Investigación, Universidad de Tarapacá, Arica 1000000,  Chile. (3)International Ph.D. program in Innovative Technology of Biomedical  Engineering and Medical Devices, Ming Chi University of Technology, New Taipei  City 24301, Taiwan; Research Centre for Intelligence Medical Devices, Ming Chi  University of Technology, New Taipei City 243303, Taiwan.
Author information: (1).Comprehensive Nursing Care.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: C.N.D.C. received a grant  from Siemens and serves as Associate Editor, EHJ CVI.
Author information: (1)Clinical Pharmacology Specialist Study Program, Faculty of Medicine,  Universitas Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia. (2)Faculty of Medicine, Universitas Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia. (3)Doctoral Program in Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Medicine, Universitas  Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia. (4)International Ph.D. Program in Cell Therapy and Regenerative Medicine,  College of Medicine, Taipei Medical University, Taipei City, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Hematology Laboratory, Suez Canal Authority Hospital,  Ismailia, Egypt. (2)Department of Microbial Biotechnology, Biotechnology Research Institute,  National Research Centre, El-Bohouth St. (former El-Tahrir St.), Dokki, Giza,  P.O.12622, Egypt.
Background: Medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) has a high rate of local and  distant metastases. In particular, the RET protooncogene appears to be the  predominant driver mutation for oncogenesis. The German S3 thyroid carcinoma  guidelines recommend molecular genetic analysis of the tumour without specifying  the site of the tissue sampling. Whether there is difference in RET  protooncogene between the primary tumour, lymph node, and distant metastasis has  not yet been investigated. However, differences could be important with regard  to biopsy localization, and also, thus, the choice of single- or  multi-tyrosine-kinase-inhibitor therapy. Methods: In a case of sporadic MTC,  Cancer Hotspot panel diagnostics were performed on the primary tumour, lymph  node metastasis, and distant metastasis. Mutations were classified using  different gene databases, and the different stages of metastasis were compared.  Results: RET protooncogene (chr10:43609933, c.1886_1891delTGTGCG,  p.Leu629_Asp631delinsHis) was found to be present in the MTC tissue of the  primary tumour, lymph node, and distant metastasis in the Cancer Hotspot Panel  diagnostic, while the other investigated therapy-relevant mutational profiles  were not consistently found.
Author information: (1)Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow,  Scotland G1 1XL, U.K. (2)EaStCHEM School of Chemistry and Biomedical Sciences Research Complex,  University of St Andrews, St Andrews, Scotland KY16 9ST, U.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: T.T. and  T.E. reported no relevant conflicts of interest.
Author information: (1)College of Artificial Intelligence, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing,  China. (2)School of Information Engineering, Jingdezhen Ceramic University, Jingdezhen,  China. (3)College of Artificial Intelligence, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing,  China. Zhiwei.Ji@njau.
Plain Language Summary: Nemours Children’s Health is a pediatric healthcare  system with primary locations in Delaware and Florida, and additional locations  in several U.S. states.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures of conflicts of interest: P.R.  Cofounder of a2z Radiology AI.
Wastewater-based genomic surveillance is a cost-effective approach for tracking  outbreaks like severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). A  2023 study in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, revealed two infection waves in March and  August, with the latter undetected by clinical surveillance. This study analyzed  the viral spread and evolution in the population during periods of low reported  cases. Viral concentration was performed following the Ceres Technology  protocol, and RNA was extracted using the QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit.  Quantitative PCR was performed using the TaqPath COVID-19 Kit. Samples with  cycle threshold values ≤32 were used for sequencing. Library preparation and  sequencing were performed using the Illumina COVIDSeq protocol, and data  analysis was conducted using the Freyja pipeline on Terra.bio. SARS-CoV-2 viral  load in wastewater began rising on 6 March 2023, peaking on 16 March 2023,  before declining until early May 2023. A resurgence occurred from 3 to 21 August  2023. In March 2023, XBB.1.5 (34%), XBB* (20%), and CH.1.1 (15%) were dominant.  By April-May 2023, XBB.1.5 rose to 51% but declined to 14% in June 2023, while  XBB* increased to 41%. In August 2023, XBB* (52%) and XBB.1.5 (31%)  co-dominated. Key spike protein mutations (G142D, V213G, T478K, S494P, S477N)  correlated with higher viral loads. Wastewater surveillance of SARS-CoV-2  reveals seasonal and behavioral transmission patterns. A March peak linked to  XBB.1.5 and XBB* saw XBB.1.5 dominance through May 2023, later declining. An  August 2023 resurgence with XBB* co-dominance suggests viral evolution and  waning immunity. Key spike mutations correlate with higher viral loads,  emphasizing wastewater surveillance's predictive value.IMPORTANCEThis study  highlights the critical role of wastewater monitoring in detecting and tracking  severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) outbreaks,  particularly in regions with limited clinical reporting.
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2025 Jul 29;7(7):CD015350. doi:  10.1002/14651858.CD015350.
Update of     doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD015350.
BACKGROUND: Infectious keratitis, commonly known as corneal infection, is a  major cause of blindness, affecting approximately six million people globally  and resulting in around two million cases of monocular blindness annually. The  incidence varies widely worldwide, with higher rates in low- and middle-income  countries due to various risk factors, including agricultural injuries and other  accidental trauma, limited access to health care, and low levels of health  literacy. Bacterial keratitis (BK) is the most prevalent form in higher-income  regions, contributing to significant morbidity and healthcare burden. If not  diagnosed and treated promptly, BK can damage the cornea and result in corneal  scarring, visual impairment and/or blindness. Broad-spectrum topical antibiotics  remain the primary treatment, with regional microbiological profiles and  antimicrobial resistance patterns influencing therapeutic choices. However, in  view of the substantial heterogeneity in clinical practice, the optimal choice  of topical antibiotics for BK remains uncertain. Addressing this unanswered  question may help inform current practice and improve the clinical outcomes of  BK. OBJECTIVES: To compare the benefits and harms of topical antibiotics for  treating BK and to rank interventions by performing a systematic review and  network meta-analysis (NMA). SEARCH METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, two other databases, and  two trials registries together with reference checking and contact with study  authors (where necessary). The latest search date was 8 August 2024. There were  no restrictions on language or year of publication. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in which  different types of topical antibiotics (e.g. ciprofloxacin, moxifloxacin,  vancomycin, etc.) and/or placebo were compared in participants with BK  (diagnosed clinically or microbiologically, or both). DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard Cochrane methodology. Our  outcomes were mean days to healing, mean size of epithelial defect, mean size of  infiltrate, mean corrected and uncorrected distance visual acuity, and adverse  effects. We assessed risk of bias using the RoB 2 tool and the certainty of  evidence using the CINeMA framework for the primary NMA results of our critical  outcome. MAIN RESULTS: We included 23 parallel-group RCTs that enrolled 2692 participants  diagnosed with BK. The studies were conducted in Australia, Canada, India, Iran,  Israel, Japan, the Philippines, Serbia, Thailand, the UK, and the USA. The  majority of participants were of working age, with a mean age ranging from 26 to  66 years, and 58% were male. We classified six types of interventions:  fluoroquinolone monotherapy, cephalosporin monotherapy, penicillin monotherapy,  dual therapy, triple therapy, and other monotherapy (povidone-iodine, honey,  placebo), yielding 10 pair-wise comparisons. We judged 12 studies (54.5%) to be  at high risk of bias and 10 studies (45.5%) to raise some concerns for bias.  Based on the critical outcome (mean days to healing) analyzed by surface under  the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA), vancomycin + ceftazidime (SUCRA of 83.8),  moxifloxacin (SUCRA of 83.1), and cefazolin + tobramycin (SUCRA of 71.3) were  shown to be the most effective treatments for BK. When compared with  ciprofloxacin monotherapy (the comparison group), the following showed evidence  of faster healing time (by more than two to seven days): moxifloxacin (mean  difference [MD] -6.81, 95% confidence interval [CI] -13.83 to 0.20;  moderate-certainty evidence), vancomycin + ceftazidime (MD -6.18, 95% CI -10.24  to -2.12; low-certainty evidence), cefazolin + tobramycin (MD -5.57, 95% CI  -12.87 to 1.74; moderate-certainty evidence), gatifloxacin (MD -3.84, 95% CI  -9.12 to 1.43; low-certainty evidence), cefazolin + gentamicin (MD -2.58, 95% CI  -6.45 to 1.30; low-certainty evidence), and honey (MD -2.44, 95% CI -4.42 to  -0.46; low-certainty evidence). Conversely, lomefloxacin (MD -0.94, 95% CI -3.88  to 2.00; moderate-certainty evidence) and ofloxacin (MD -0.70, 95% CI -0.90 to  -0.50; high-certainty evidence) showed similar healing time to ciprofloxacin  with less than one-day difference. Compared with vancomycin + ceftazidime,  ofloxacin (MD 5.48, 95% CI 1.41 to 9.55; low-certainty evidence), lomefloxacin  (MD 5.24, 95% CI 1.50 to 8.98; low-certainty evidence), and cefazolin +  gentamicin (MD 3.60, 95% CI 2.38 to 4.82; low-certainty evidence) showed  evidence of longer time to heal (by three to six days). Of the important  outcomes, including mean size of epithelial defect, mean size of infiltrate,  mean corrected and uncorrected distance visual acuity, and adverse effects, only  the odds of non-serious harms/non-severe harms (ranging from ocular discomfort,  hyperemia, toxicity, conjunctivitis, and superficial punctate keratitis to the  need for therapeutic keratoplasty) had sufficient data for analysis. The three  interventions least likely to cause harm were vancomycin + ceftazidime (SUCRA of  93.1), cefazolin + gentamicin (SUCRA of 82.5), and chlorhexidine + cefazolin  (SUCRA of 77.0). Regarding the odds of any non-serious or non-severe harm,  vancomycin + ceftazidime was associated with fewer harms than ciprofloxacin  (odds ratio [OR] 0.07, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.92), gatifloxacin (OR 0.05, 95% CI 0.00  to 0.90), and cefazolin + tobramycin (OR 0.05, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.75), whereas  cefuroxime + gentamicin was found to cause more harms than ofloxacin (OR 16.13,  95% CI 1.88 to 138.47), moxifloxacin (OR 20.31, 95% CI 1.15 to 358.25),  cefazolin + gentamicin (OR 96.41, 95% CI 2.52 to 3692.25), and cefazolin +  chlorhexidine (OR 0.01, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.71). We did not assess the certainty of  evidence for harms. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: In our NMA, mostly moderate- to very low-certainty  evidence suggests that vancomycin + ceftazidime combination therapy,  moxifloxacin monotherapy, and cefazolin + tobramycin combination therapy may be  the most effective treatments for BK in terms of corneal healing time, whereas  ciprofloxacin monotherapy is the least effective. Given that most evidence was  not of high certainty, the results of this NMA should be interpreted with  caution, and future research could potentially alter these findings. FUNDING: RQ receives grant support from the National Eye Institute  (UG1EY020522). DSJT acknowledges support from the Medical Research Council/Fight  for Sight Clinical Research Fellowship (MR/T001674/1) and the Birmingham Health  Partners Fellowship. CH receives grant support from Glaucoma UK (183772),  National Institute for Health Research Clinical Lectureship (CL-2020-18-009).  The views expressed in this publication are those of the author(s) and not  necessarily those of the NIHR, NHS, or the UK Department of Health and Social  Care. REGISTRATION: Protocol available via doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD015350.
DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD015350.
Conflict of interest statement: This study was supported by the  10.13039/100000002US National Institutes of Health 10.13039/100000060National  Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Immune Development in Early Life  (IDEaL) award U19AI168643. This work was also partially supported by the Italian  10.13039/100009647Ministry of Health and 10.13039/100021016Istituto di Ricovero  e Cura a Carattere Scientifico “Bambino Gesù” through a 5 × 1000 grant to DA and  PP. Disclosure of potential conflict of interest: O. Levy is a named inventor on  patents held by Boston Children’s Hospital relating to vaccine adjuvants and in  vitro systems that model vaccine action, a cofounder of ARMR Sciences (formerly  Ovax, Inc), and a consultant to ARMR Sciences and GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). His  laboratory receives sponsored research support from GSK. J.L. Su is a named  inventor on patents held by Brigham and Women’s Hospital related to Aging  Biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Hypophosphatasia (HPP) is a rare metabolic disorder caused by low  tissue-nonspecific alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity, presenting symptoms from  bone demineralization to tooth loss. It affects multiple systems and is  diagnosed based on clinical symptoms, radiological findings, and lab tests. This  case report emphasizes considering HPP in patients with unexplained bone pain  and low ALP levels, especially with underlying osteopenia or osteoporosis. It  highlights the importance of genetic testing and counseling for early diagnosis  and treatment, aiming to raise clinician awareness. CASE SUMMARY: We present a case of a 65-year-old female patient who was referred  to our endocrinology clinic for complaints of generalized bone pain and  hypothyroidism. Initial evaluation revealed osteopenia, managed with calcium and  vitamin D supplementation. Persistently low ALP levels and elevated vitamin B6  levels led to the diagnosis of HPP, confirmed by genetic testing identifying a  pathogenic ALPL gene variant [c.119C>T (p.Ala40Val)].
BACKGROUND: The relationship between baseline total cholesterol, low-density  lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and cardiovascular outcomes is  well established, but their trajectories over time in elderly Asian patients  with atrial fibrillation (AF) remain unexplored. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using the Taipei Medical University Clinical Research  Database from 2013 to 2020, we identified 823 AF patients aged above 75 with at  least three annual lipid profile measurements. We used an accelerated failure  time (AFT) model to examine the association of trajectories with the primary  outcome of composite cardiovascular events (stroke, TIA, myocardial infarction,  heart failure hospitalization and cardiovascular death).During follow-up, 308  patients developed events (61.
J Biomed Opt. 2025 Jul;30(7):075003. doi: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Author information: (1)RIKEN Center for Advanced Photonics, Attosecond Science Research Team,  Saitama, Japan. (2)Kyoto University, Graduate School of Biostudies, Laboratory of Brain  Development and Regeneration, Kyoto, Japan. (3)Hamamatsu Photonics K.K., Electron Tube Division, Iwata, Japan.
DOI: 10.1117/1.JBO.
Diabetes Metab Syndr Obes. 2025 Jul 21;18:2463-2476. doi: 10.2147/DMSO.S515061.
Author information: (1)Center for the Advanced Study of Drug Action, Department of Chemistry, Stony  Brook University, Stony Brook, New York 11794-3400, United States. (2)Roy J. Carver Department of Biochemistry, Biophysics and Molecular Biology,  Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa 50011, United States. (3)Cancer Research Horizons, Cancer Research U.K., Cambridge CB2 0RE, U.K. (4)Department of Applied Mathematics and Statistics, Stony Brook University,  Stony Brook, New York 11794-3400, United States.
Author information: (1)Departments of Medicine (Division of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine),  Imaging, and Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA  (W.H., A.S., R.J.H.M., P.J.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Dr Miller received grant support and consulting  fees from Pfizer as well as grant support from Alberta Innovates. Dr Slomka  participates in software royalties for QPS software at Cedars-Sinai Medical  Center and has received research grant support from Siemens Medical Systems, and  consulting fees from Synektik S.A. The other authors report no conflicts.
BackgroundSocial anxiety disorder (SAD) significantly impairs social  functioning. Virtual reality exposure therapy (VRET) offers a promising  treatment by providing a controlled, customizable environment. This study aimed  to develop and evaluate the efficacy and user experience of a VRET  program.MethodsThe study was conducted in two phases: Phase I with the general  population and Phase II with individuals diagnosed with SAD at a university  hospital.
BackgroundThe new treatment paradigm in Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) has  introduced novel phenotypes, changes in trajectories and clinical questions not  fully addressed in clinical trials. To explore these challenges, several  international initiatives have emerged. CuidAME was created as a nationwide  clinical network in Spain designed to standardise SMA care, facilitate knowledge  sharing, and capture data in a longitudinal comprehensive  registry.ObjectiveEvaluating the usefulness of the CuidAME project to capture  data in a real-world setting.MethodsThis multicentric cohort study includes  individuals with SMA followed at participating hospitals.
CONTEXT: Although many sports-related injuries in the shoulder region are  self-limiting, those involving the peripheral nerves can have a profound adverse  effect on an athlete's career. While physical examination and electrodiagnostic  testing are the mainstays for assessing such injuries, peripheral nerve magnetic  resonance (MR) imaging, also known as MRN, can play an important and  complementary role in helping further characterize injury extent and  localization. This review explores the application of MRN in diagnosing and  managing sports-related peripheral nerve injuries. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A narrative overview of the literature combined with the  clinical and research expertise of the authors. STUDY DESIGN: Narrative review. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level 4. RESULTS: MRN helps localize preganglionic and postganglionic traumatic brachial  plexus injuries, facilitating the planning of appropriate surgical interventions  and determining the extent of nerve injury. MRN may also be used to assess  thoracic outlet syndrome, commonly implicated in overhead sports activities. In  cases of shoulder dislocation, MRN can depict altered nerve signal intensity and  morphology of the axillary nerve that may be stretched. MRN also plays an  important role in detecting and guiding the management of iatrogenic  nerve-related injuries, and helping define alternative diagnoses, such as  Parsonage-Turner syndrome, that might be the culprit in the postsurgical  setting. Bone-sensitive and angiography MR pulse sequences can help delineate  the spatial relationship among peripheral nerves, osseous structures, and blood  vessels. CONCLUSION: MRN is valuable in assessing sports-related traumatic nerve injuries  of the shoulder region, as well as newly developed neurological symptoms  following shoulder surgery. Specifically, MRN provides a global evaluation of  regional muscles and nerves, which and can help localize injury to one or more  nerve segments that may be targeted for therapeutic  intervention.Strength-of-Recommendation Taxonomy (SORT):Evidence B level 3.
Conflict of interest statement: The following authors declared potential  conflicts of interest: E.T.T.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi  Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20072 Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Pharmacy, Health and Nutritional Sciences (DFSSN), University  of Calabria, 87036 Rende, Italy. (3)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital via Manzoni 56, 20089 Rozzano, Italy. (4)A.O. Polyclinic San Martino Hospital, Largo R.
Objective: Lower third impacted molar extraction, despite being a routinary  procedure for oral and maxillo-facial surgeons, may often result in a  significantly negative impact in patient's post-operatory quality of life. Among  others, treatments based on oxygen-enriched oils have been shown to provide  valuable therapeutic benefits in promoting wound healing, and therefore  improving the immediate post-operatory symptomatology. The aim of this  triple-blinded randomized controlled study is to supplement the existing  evidence in the scientific literature by assessing the effectiveness of  NovoX®-Drop (Moss S.p.A., Lesa, Novara), a specific type of oxygen enriched  oil-based device in reducing pain and inflammatory stimulus of post-surgical  wounds following the extraction of lower third impacted molars.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Hospital Universitario Virgen de las Nieves, 18014  Granada, Spain. (2)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada ibs.GRANADA, 18016  Granada, Spain.
Author information: (1)Support Association of Patients of Buerger's Disease (Buerger's Disease NGO),  Mashhad 9183785197, Iran. (2)Department for Vascular Diseases, Medical Faculty of Ljubljana, University  Medical Center Ljubljana, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia. (3)Department of Medicine, Portiuncula University Hospital, Saolta University  Healthcare Group, H53 T971 Galway, Ireland. (4)School of Medicine, University of Galway, H91 TK33 Galway, Ireland. (5)Vascular Surgery Department, Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Muscat 123,  Oman. (6)National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases & Hospital (NICVD), Dhaka 1207,  Bangladesh. (7)Department of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences, Inter-University Research  Center on Vascular Disease, L. Sacco Hospital, University of Milan, 20157 Milan,  Italy. (8)Division of Vascular Surgery, King Saud University, Riyadh 11451, Saudi  Arabia. (9)Varicose Veins and Vascular Polyclinic (VVVC), Damascus 11956, Syria. (10)Vascular Center, Nuova Villa Claudia, 00100 Rome, Italy. (11)Department of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery, Ramaiah Medical College  Hospital, Bangalore 560054, India. (12)Department of Internal Medicine, University of Athens Public Hospital,  SOTIRIA, 11527 Athens, Greece. (13)Independent Researcher, Ankara 06510, Turkey. (14)Department of Angiology, St. Imre University Teaching Hospital, 1115  Budapest, Hungary. (15)Department of Vascular and Kidney Transplantation Surgery, Yaounde General  Hospital, Yaounde P.O. Box 5408, Cameroon.
Author information: (1)Department of Internal Medicine and Therapeutics, University of Pavia, 27100  Pavia, Italy. (2)IRCCS Mondino Foundation, 27100 Pavia, Italy. (3)Department of Biomedical, Surgical and Dental Sciences, University of Milan,  20133 Milan, Italy. (4)Institute for Molecular and Translational Cardiology (IMTC), San Donato  Milanese, 20097 Milan, Italy. (5)Associazione Farmaceutici dell'Industria (AFI), 20149 Milan, Italy. (6)Department of Brain and Behavioral Sciences, University of Pavia, 27100  Pavia, Italy. (7)B.S.N.
Conflict of interest statement: V.D.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Monreal, E. has received speaking honoraria and  travel expenses for participation in scientific meetings and has served as a  steering committee member or participated in advisory boards of clinical trials  in the past 3 years with Biogen, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Almirall, Johnson &  Johnson, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Sanofi, and Neuraxpharma and has also acted as a  scientific advisor for the CRO PSI. Sainz de la Maza, S. reported receiving  personal fees from Almirall, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Teva outside the  submitted work and receiving compensation for lectures or travel expenses from  Merck Serono, Biogen, Sanofi Genzyme, Roche, Janssen, and Novartis. Llufriu, R.  received compensation for consulting services and speaker honoraria from Biogen  Idec, Novartis, TEVA, Genzyme, Sanofi-Genzyme, and Merck. Ramió-Torrentà, L. has  received compensation for consulting services and speaking honoraria from  Biogen, Novartis, Bayer, Merck, Sanofi, Genzyme, Janssen, Horizon, Teva  Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Almirall, and Mylan. Martínez-Ginés, M-G.  received compensation for consulting services and speaking fees from Merck,  Biogen, Novartis, Sanofi-Genzyme, Almirall, BMS, Janssen, Roche, Horizon, and  Viatris. Aladro, Y. has received research grants, travel support, and lecturing  and consulting fees from Bayer, Biogen, Roche, Merck, Novartis, Almirall,  Sanofi-Genzime, Janssen, and Bristol Myers Squibb. Cuello, J.P. received  honorarium for participation in advisory boards and scientific communications,  as a consultant, and for research support from Novartis, Biogen, Sanofi, and  Roche.
Author information: (1)Centre for Biomedical Research, Faculty of Medicine, University of Banja  Luka, 78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (2)Pediatric Clinic, University Clinical Centre of the Republic of Srpska, 78000  Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (3)Department of Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Banja Luka,  78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (4)Department of Pharmacology, Toxicology and Clinical Pharmacology, Faculty of  Medicine, University of Banja Luka, 78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska,  Bosnia and Herzegovina. (5)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Banja Luka, 78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (6)Department of Medical Biochemistry and Chemistry, Faculty of Medicine,  University of Banja Luka, 78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and  Herzegovina. (7)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Medicine, University of Banja Luka, 78000  Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (8)Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, University of  Banja Luka, 78000 Banja Luka, The Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (9)Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republic of Srpska, 78000 Banja Luka, The  Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. (10)Department of Pathologic Physiology, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State  Medical University, 119435 Moscow, Russia.
Conflict of interest statement: A.S. and A.M.G.
Conflict of interest statement: E.V.V.
Author information: (1)Federal Research Center for Innovator and Emerging Biomedical and  Pharmaceutical Technologies, 125315 Moscow, Russia. (2)Moscow Center for Advanced Studies, 123592 Moscow, Russia. (3)Moscow Clinical Scientific Center n.a. A.S. Loginov, 111123 Moscow, Russia.
Author information: (1)Princess Al Jawhara Center for Molecular Medicine, Genetics and Inherited  Diseases, Department of Molecular Medicine, College of Medicine and Health  Sciences, Arabian Gulf University, Manama P.O. Box 26671, Bahrain.
Author information: (1)Department of Health Sciences, University of Florence, Viale GB Morgagni 48,  50134 Florence, Italy. (2)Department of Biomedical Sciences and Public Health, Section of Hygiene,  Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Polytechnic University of the Marche  Region, 60126 Ancona, Italy. (3)Department of Environmental Health, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public  Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
CSPG4.CAR-T Cells Modulate Extracellular Matrix Remodeling in DMD  Cardiomyopathy.
Author information: (1)Neurology Unit, Fondazione IRCCS Ca' Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico,  20122 Milan, Italy. (2)Department of Molecular Medicine, Sapienza University, Viale Regina Elena,  324, 00161 Rome, Italy. (3)Institute for Biomedical Technologies, National Research Council, Via  Fratelli Cervi, 93, 20054 Segrate, Italy. (4)Ph.D. Program in Cellular and Molecular Biology, Department of Biology,  University of Rome "Tor Vergata", Via della Ricerca Scientifica, 1, 00133 Rome,  Italy.
Author information: (1)Department of Isotope Application Research, National Atomic Research  Institute, P.O. Box 3-27, Longtan, Taoyuan 325207, Taiwan.
Author information: (1)Knee and Shoulder Arthroscopy Unit, Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Tanta  University, El-Geish Street, Tanta 31527, Egypt. (2)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Non Communicable Disease, Rwanda Biomedical Center, Kigali P.O. Box 7162,  Rwanda.
Author information: (1)Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Sciences Department, Kasiska Division of Health  Sciences, L.S. Skaggs College of Pharmacy, Idaho State University, Pocatello, ID  83209-8288, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Medicine, Warren Alpert Medical School at Brown University,  Providence, RI 02903, USA. (2)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Jerome Lipper  Center for Multiple Myeloma Research, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02215,  USA. (3)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, 20089 Milan, Italy. (4)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, 20089 Milan, Italy. (5)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA  02215, USA. (6)Broad Institute of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard,  Cambridge, MA 02142, USA. (7)University of Maryland Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center, Department of  Medicine, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA. (8)Transplant and Cellular Therapy Program, University of Maryland Greenebaum  Comprehensive Cancer Center, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA. (9)Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Brigham and Women's  Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA. (10)Division of Hematology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, MA 02115, USA. (11)Techitra S.r.l., 20123 Milan, Italy. (12)Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: E.R.: none.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Animal Research Center (LARC), Qatar University, Doha P.O. Box  2713, Qatar.
Conflict of interest statement: X.Z. serves as the President and CEO at RxCell  Inc, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Author B-RW was employed by Leidos Biomedical  Research, Inc., under U.S. federal government Research and Development Center  indefinite delivery contracts [75N91019D00024; 75N91020F00003] from the National  Cancer Institute, NIH, Bethesda, MD USA.
Background: Lynch syndrome (LS) is an autosomal dominant disease caused by  germline pathogenic variants in one of the DNA mismatch repair (MMR) genes  (MLH1, MSH2, MSH6, and PMS2) or the EPCAM gene. LS patients harboring genetic  variants in one of the MMR genes display a heterogeneous phenotype in terms of  cancer penetrance (lifetime cancer risk) and expressivity (malignancies in  gastrointestinal or other specific organs). Methods: DNA samples from the index  cases of Family 1 and Family 2 were analyzed using a next-generation sequencing  (NGS) multigene panel comprising 25 genes involved in major hereditary cancer  predisposition syndromes. This NGS analysis revealed a variant of uncertain  significance (VUS) in the PMS2 gene (NM_000535.7: c.184G>A; p.Gly62Arg) of both  index cases, which was validated by Sanger sequencing.
Conflict of interest statement: R.V.T.
Author information: (1)Division of Cancer Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 69120  Heidelberg, Germany. (2)Clinic I for Internal Medicine, University Clinic Cologne, 50937 Cologne,  Germany. (3)Pancreato-Biliary Endoscopy and Endosonography Division, Pancreas  Translational and Clinical Research Center, IRCCS San Raffaele Hospital, 20129  Milan, Italy. (4)Department of Biology, University of Pisa, 56126 Pisa, Italy. (5)Division of Genomic Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 69120  Heidelberg, Germany. (6)Danish Cancer Society Research Center, 2100 Copenhagen, Denmark. (7)Department of Public Health, University of Copenhagen, 1165 Copenhagen,  Denmark. (8)Department of Public Health, Aarhus University, 8000 Aarhus, Denmark. (9)UVSQ, Inserm "Exposome and Heredity" Team, Université Paris-Saclay, CESP  U1018, Gustave Roussy, 91990 Villejuif, France. (10)Deutsches Institut für Ernährungsforschung Abteilung Molekulare  Epidemiologie Arthur-Scheunert-Allee 114-116, 14558 Nuthetal, Germany. (11)Hyblean Association Epidemiology Research, AIRE ONLUS Ragusa, 97100 Ragusa,  Italy. (12)Institute for Cancer Research, Prevention and Clinical Network (ISPRO),  50139 Florence, Italy. (13)Epidemiology and Prevention Unit, Department of Research, Fondazione IRCCS  Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Via Venezian, 1, 20133 Milan, Italy. (14)Centre for Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Public Health (C-BEPH),  Department of Clinical and Biological Sciences, University of Turin, 10043  Orbassano, Italy. (15)Dipartimento di Medicina Clinica e Chirurgia, Federico II University, 80138  Naples, Italy. (16)Unit of Nutrition and Cancer, Cancer Epidemiology Research Program, Catalan  Institute of Oncology (ICO)-Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL),  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, 08908 Barcelona, Spain. (17)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Biotechnological Sciences (BIOMETEC), University  of Catania, 95124 Catania, Italy. (2)Department of Medical, Surgical Sciences and Advanced Technologies "GF  Ingrassia" (DGFI), University of Catania, 95124 Catania, Italy. (3)Co.Re.Com, Regional Committee for Communications, 00193 Rome, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: D.M. is a consultant to Pharma Nord (UK) Ltd.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Cell Proliferation & Ageing, Institute of Biosciences &  Applications, NCSR "Demokritos", 15341 Athens, Greece. (2)Department of Cell Biology and Biophysics, Faculty of Biology, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens, 15784 Athens, Greece. (3)Division of Pharmacognosy and Natural Products Chemistry, Department of  Pharmacy, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, 15771 Athens, Greece. (4)Center for Clinical, Experimental Surgery & Translational Research,  Biomedical Research Foundation, Academy of Athens, 11527 Athens, Greece. (5)PharmaGnose S.A., 57th km Athens-Lamia Road, 32011 Oinofyta Viotia, Greece.
Conflict of interest statement: G.S. belongs to the scientific staff of Korres  S.A.—Natural Products and C.N., D.M. and S.B. belong to the scientific staff of  Pharmagnose.
Author information: (1)First Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, National and Kapodistrian  University of Athens, 106 79 Athens, Greece. (2)IVF Athens Reproduction Center V.A., 151 23 Maroussi, Greece.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology, Pham Ngoc Thach University of Medicine, Ho Chi Minh  City 740500, Vietnam. (2)Graduate Institute of Data Science, College of Management, Taipei Medical  University, New Taipei City 23561, Taiwan. (3)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Materials and Tissue Engineering, College of  Biomedical Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City 23561,  Taiwan. (4)Research Center of Data Science on Healthcare Industry, College of  Management, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City 23561, Taiwan. (5)Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Taiwan  University, Taipei 10617, Taiwan. (6)International Ph.D. Program in Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei 110301, Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: C.J.R.
Author information: (1)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada (ibs.GRANADA), 18012  Granada, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors (S.-U.L. and D.K.) declare no  conflicts of interest.
J Zhejiang Univ Sci B. 2025 Jul 4;26(7):657-674. doi: 10.1631/jzus.B2400032.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors have completed the ICMJE uniform  disclosure form at www.icmje.org/coi_disclosure.pdf. K.P. PhD was supported by  the NIHR ARC EM.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All animal studies were reviewed and approved by the University of  Western Australia’s Animal Ethics Committee prior to work commencing  (2021/ET000974) / 2022/ET000920) and adhered to the NIH Guide for the Care and  Use of Laboratory Animals and the ARRIVE guidelines on the use of laboratory  animals. Human plasma samples were collected at the Gynecology and Obstetrics  Department of Hospital Parroquial de San Bernardo, Santiago, Chile. All women  enrolled in this study gave written informed consent for the collection of  samples and information. This research was approved by the Ethical Scientific  Committees of Universidad de los Andes, Chile. Consent for publication: Not  applicable. Competing interests: SWDC, WK, SEP and MWK are listed as inventors  for PCT Patent Application No.PCT/SG2024/050608.
BACKGROUND: Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is a neurodegenerative disorder with  increasing prevalence and limited efficacy of current therapies. Stem  cell-derived therapies have attracted attention for their potential  neurodegenerative and reparative effects. Intranasal administration provides a  non-invasive route that bypasses the blood-brain barrier and delivers stem cell  derivatives directly to the brain. Although studies have shown that the  intranasal administration of stem cell derivatives alleviates symptoms in animal  models of AD, a comprehensive meta-analysis evaluating their therapeutic  efficacy is yet to be conducted. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of  intranasal stem cell derivatives therapies in AD animal models and provide a  foundation for clinical translation. METHODS: We conducted a systematic literature search across four databases  (Pubmed, Embase, Web of Science and Cochrane Library) using subject terms and  complementary keywords. After applying inclusion and exclusion criteria, data  were extracted using Origin 2024 software and analysed using Review Mange 5.4.  The SYRCLE tool was applied to assess study quality and evaluate the potential  risk of bias systematically. RESULTS: This meta-analysis of 14 studies investigated the efficacy of  intranasal stem cell-derived therapies in animal models of Alzheimer’s disease  (AD). Using predominantly mouse and rat models from diverse geographical  locations and employing various stem cell types (bone marrow, umbilical cord  blood, adipose tissue, hiPSCs), the analysis revealed a significant reduction in  amyloid-beta (Aβ) deposition (SMD = -2.69, p < 0.0001). Subgroup analyses  indicated that stem cell source, stem cell derivative types and Aβ detection  method were not primary drivers of heterogeneity. Furthermore, treatment  significantly reduced inflammatory markers IL-1β (SMD = -0.92, p = 0.008) and  IBA-1 (SMD = -1.68, p = 0.006), suggesting an anti-inflammatory effect.  Auxiliary outcomes CD68 and GFAP also exhibited decreased expression levels.  Improved cognitive function was evident, as measured by increased target  quadrant dwell time (MD = 10.17, p < 0.00001) and decreased escape latency (MD =  -15.74, p = 0.003) in behavioral experiments, and enhanced recognition in the  Novel Object Recognition Test (NORT) (SMD = 1.10, p = 0.006). Nissl staining  demonstrated a significant reduction in neuronal cell death  (SMD=-3.33,p < 0.00001),suggesting a role in neuronal repair.Together, these  findings support the potential of intranasal stem cell-derived therapies to  improve Alzheimer’s disease pathology, neuronal repair, and cognition in animal  models.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: We obtained approval from the Demographic and Health Survey (DHS)  to access and use the dataset for this study (no. 2024-08-05). All datasets are  secondary, publicly available and accessible from the DHS official website (  https://www.dhsprogram.com/data ). The 2022 NDHS received ethical approval from  the Institutional Review Board of ICF International in the United States  (reference number: 180657.0.001.NP.DHS.
BACKGROUND: Accurate identification of anal fistulas is essential, as it  directly impacts the severity of subsequent perianal infections, prognostic  indicators, and overall treatment outcomes. Traditional manual recognition  methods are inefficient. In response, computer vision methods have been adopted  to improve efficiency. Convolutional neural networks(CNNs) are the main basis  for detecting anal fistulas in current computer vision techniques. However,  these methods often struggle to capture long-range dependencies effectively,  which results in inadequate handling of images of anal fistulas. METHODS: This study proposes a new fusion model, CVT-HNet, that integrates  MobileNet with vision transformer technology. This design utilizes CNNs to  extract local features and Transformers to capture long-range dependencies. In  addition, the MobileNetV2 with Coordinate Attention mechanism and encoder  modules are optimized to improve the precision of detecting anal fistulas. RESULTS: Comparative experimental results show that CVT-HNet achieves an  accuracy of 80.66% with significant robustness. It surpasses both pure  Transformer architecture models and other fusion networks. Internal validation  results demonstrate the reliability and consistency of CVT-HNet. External  validation demonstrates that our model exhibits commendable transportability and  generalizability. In visualization analysis, CVT-HNet exhibits a more  concentrated focus on the region of interest in images of anal fistulas.  Furthermore, the contribution of each CVT-HNet component module is evaluated by  ablation experiments. CONCLUSION: The experimental results highlight the superior performance and  practicality of CVT-HNet in detecting anal fistulas. By combining local and  global information, CVT-HNet demonstrates strong performance. The model not only  achieves high accuracy and robustness but also exhibits strong generalizability.  This makes it suitable for real-world applications where variability in data is  common.These findings emphasize its effectiveness in clinical contexts.
Author information: (1)Division of Gastroenterology, Department of Medicine, University of Michigan,  Ann Arbor, MI, USA. ppbloom@med.umich.edu. (2)Department of Immunology and Infectious Diseases, Harvard T.H. Chan School of  Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.P.B.
Author information: (1)Research Centre in Applied Ethics, Faculty of Philosophy, University of  Bucharest, București, Romania. (2)Institute for Biomedical Ethics, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.  Tenzin.Wangmo@unibas.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest:  P.E. Krumpoeck, G.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: D.C.R.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Stanford University has  filed a patent based on this work in which Q.S., B.Y. and H.Y.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.D., X.Y., K.W., Y.M., and  C.L. are employees of United Imaging Healthcare CO.
Author information: (1)Department of Pediatric Gastroenterology, Emma Children's Hospital, Amsterdam  Gastroenterology Endocrinology Metabolism Research Institute, Amsterdam UMC,  Meibergdreef 9, 1105 AZ, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (2)Amsterdam Reproduction and Development Research Institute, Amsterdam UMC,  Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (3)Department of Pediatric Gastroenterology, Emma Children's Hospital, Amsterdam  Gastroenterology Endocrinology Metabolism Research Institute, Amsterdam UMC,  Meibergdreef 9, 1105 AZ, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  n.m.frerichs@amsterdamumc.nl. (4)Amsterdam Reproduction and Development Research Institute, Amsterdam UMC,  Amsterdam, The Netherlands. n.m.frerichs@amsterdamumc.nl. (5)Philips S&RC Research & Development, Eindhoven, The Netherlands. (6)Eurofins EAG, Eurofins Materials Science Netherlands B.V., Eindhoven, The  Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest D.J.B.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Neurosciences and Hotchkiss Brain Institute,  University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada jodie.roberts@ucalgary.ca. (2)CORe, Department of Medicine, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne,  Victoria, Australia. (3)Neuroimmunology Centre, Department of Neurology, The Royal Melbourne  Hospital, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (4)Department of Neurology and Center of Clinical Neuroscience, Charles  University First Faculty of Medicine, Prague, Czech Republic. (5)Medical Point Hospital, Izmir University of Economics, Konak/Izmir, Turkey. (6)Dipartimento di Scienze Biomediche e Neuromotorie, Università di Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. (7)IRCCS Istituto Delle Scienze Neurologiche di Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (8)Institute for Advanced Biomedical Technologies (ITAB) and Centre for  Rehabilitation, Disability and Sport Medicine (CARES), Department of  Neurosciences, Imaging and Clinical Sciences, Gabriele d'Annunzio University of  Chieti and Pescara, Chieti, Italy. (9)Clinical Neurology, SS Annunziata Hospital, Chieti, Italy. (10)Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine, Al-Amiri Hospital, Sharq,  Kuwait. (11)Eastern Health Clinical School, Monash University, Box Hill Hospital,  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (12)Department of Neurology, The Alfred, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (13)Department of Neurology, Farabi Hospital, Karadeniz Technical University  Faculty of Medicine, Trabzon, Turkey. (14)Istsanbul Haydarpasa Numune Training and Research Hospital, Istanbul,  Turkey. (15)Centro Sclerosi Multipla, UOC Neurologia, Azienda Ospedaliera Cannizzaro,  Catania, Italy. (16)Neurology Institute, Harley Street Medical Center, Abu Dhabi, UAE. (17)Nehme and Therese Tohme Multiple Sclerosis Center, American University of  Beirut Medical Center, Beirut, Lebanon. (18)Azienda Ospedaliera di Rilievo Nazionale e di Alta Specialita San Giuseppe  Moscati, Avellino, Italy. (19)Hunter Medical Research Institute, The University of Newcastle, Newcastle,  New South Wales, Australia. (20)Hunter New England Health, John Hunter Hospital, Newcastle, New South Wales,  Australia. (21)CRCHUM, CHUM MS Center and Department of Neurosciences, Universite de  Montreal Faculte de Medecine, Montreal, Québec, Canada. (22)College of Medicine & Health Sciences, Sultan Qaboos University, Al-Khodh,  Oman. (23)Nemocnice Jihlava, Jihlava, Czech Republic. (24)Department of Neuroscience, MS Center, Neurology Unit, Ospedale Santa Maria  delle Croci, Ravenna, Italy. (25)Department of Biotechnological and Applied Clinical Sciences (DISCAB),  University of L'Aquila, L'Aquila, Italy. (26)University of Catania Department of Surgical and Medical Sciences and  Advanced Technologies 'G.F. Ingrassia', Catania, Italy.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Jul 28:ajnr.A8940.
Author information: (1)From the Neuroradiology Department, Hospital de São José, Unidade Local de  Saúde São José (A.S.L.R.), Neuroradiology Unit, Hospital Central do Funchal -  SESARAM (A.S.L.R.), and NOVA Medical School, Universidade Nova de Lisboa  (A.S.L.R.), Lisbon, Portugal; Imagiology Department, Hospital Lusíadas (G.G.L.
Aurora (https://aurora-report.com/) is an open-source web application that  introduces structured, standardized reporting for neuroimaging, currently  focused on dementia and movement disorders. Developed by and for  neuroradiologists and radiologists, Aurora provides a stepwise workflow to  support evaluation and reporting. It includes validated atrophy scales such as  medial temporal lobe atrophy, global cortical atrophy, entorhinal cortex  atrophy, and Koedam posterior atrophy, as well as a systematic approach to  describing small vessel disease based on STRIVE-2 criteria. Each section offers  literature-based guidance and annotated examples for scoring. It generates a  structured Aurora Report in English (US) or Portuguese (PT). The platform also  features built-in calculators for atrophy and movement disorder metrics,  including midbrain and pons measurements, midbrain-to-pons ratio, MR  Parkinsonism Index (MRPI), and MRPI 2.0. To our knowledge, it is the first  freely available platform to unify standardized reporting and calculation for  dementia and movement disorders.ABBREVIATIONS: ARIA = Amyloid-Related Imaging  Abnormalities; ERICA = Entorhinal Cortex Atrophy; GCA = Global Cortical Atrophy;  MARS = Microbleed Anatomical Rating Scale; MRPI = Magnetic Resonance  Parkinsonism Index; MRPI 2.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest This work was  funded by The Colt Foundation. The views expressed are those of the author(s)  and not necessarily those of The Colt Foundation. S.A.M.S.: this paper  represents independent research part funded by the National Institute for Health  Research (NIHR) Maudsley Biomedical Research Centre at South London and Maudsley  NHS Foundation Trust and King's College London and an NIHR Advanced Fellowship  [ref: NIHR 300592].
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Michael D. Lynch reports financial  support was provided by Office of Naval Research. Michael D Lynch reports  financial support was provided by US Department of Energy. Michael D. Lynch  reports financial support was provided by North Carolina Biotechnology Center.  Michael D. Lynch reports financial support was provided by National Institutes  of Health. Michael D. Lynch reports a relationship with Roke Biotechnologies,  LLC. that includes: board membership and equity or stocks. Michael D. Lynch  reports a relationship with DINYA DNA, Inc. that includes: board membership and  equity or stocks. Michael D. Lynch reports a relationship with DMC  Biotechnologies, Inc. that includes: consulting or advisory and equity or  stocks. Romel Menacho Melgar reports a relationship with Roke Biotechnologies,  LLC. that includes: board membership, employment, and equity or stocks. Jennifer  Hennigan reports a relationship with Roke Biotechnologies, LLC. that includes:  employment and equity or stocks. Michael D Lynch has patent #18/682,651 pending  to Duke University. Romel Menacho Melgar has patent #18/682,651 pending to Duke  University. Tian Yang has patent #18/682,651 pending to Duke University. M.D.  Lynch has a financial interest in DMC Biotechnologies, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest M.K.S.
Author information: (1)Department of Cognitive Neuroscience, Radboud University Medical Center,  Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition, and Behaviour, the Netherlands. (2)Department of Fundamental Neurosciences, University of Lausanne, Lausanne,  1005, Switzerland. (3)Department of Pharmacological and Biomolecular Sciences "Rodolfo Paoletti",  Università degli Studi di Milano, Milan, Italy. (4)Department of Neurosciences, University of Mons, Mons, Belgium. (5)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Division of Neuroscience and Clinical  Pharmacology, University of Cagliari, Monserrato, 09042, Cagliari, Italy. (6)Department of Cognitive Neuroscience, Radboud University Medical Center,  Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition, and Behaviour, the Netherlands.  Electronic address: Judith.Homberg@radboudumc.
Conflict of interest statement: S.F. Crinò has received a grant from Steris  Endoscopy.
Author information: (1)Ewha Brain Institute, Ewha Womans University, Seoul, South Korea. (2)Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Ewha Womans University, Seoul,  South Korea. (3)Center for Cognition and Sociality, Institute for Basic Science (IBS),  Daejeon, South Korea. (4)Division of Psychology and Cognitive Science, Seoul Women's University,  Seoul, South Korea. (5)Biomedical Institute for Convergence at SKKU (BICS), Sungkyunkwan University,  Suwon, South Korea. (6)Center for Neuroscience Imaging Research, Institute for Basic Science (IBS),  Suwon, South Korea. (7)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon, South  Korea. (8)Department of Intelligent Precision Healthcare Convergence (IPHC),  Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon, South Korea. (9)Center for Brain Disorders, Brain Science Institute, Korea Institute of  Science and Technology (KIST), Seoul, South Korea. (10)Division of Bio-Med Science & Technology, KIST School, Korea University of  Science and Technology, Seoul, South Korea. (11)VA Boston Healthcare System, U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, Boston, MA,  USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure Statement H.M. is on advisory boards  for Bayer, AstraZeneca, Janssen, Roche, and Merck.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Urology Research Laboratory, Department for BioMedical Research (DBMR),  University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland; Cancer Biology and Epigenetics Group,  Research Center of IPO Porto (CI-IPOP)/CI-IPOP@RISE (Health Research Network),  Portuguese Oncology Institute of Porto (IPO Porto)/Porto Comprehensive Cancer  Center (Porto.CCC), Porto, Portugal; Doctoral Program in Biomedical Sciences,  ICBAS - School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, University of Porto, Porto,  Portugal.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Major advances in biomedical science have transformed healthcare. However,  system barriers to the appropriate, timely, and equitable use of biomedical  innovations have led to slow and inconsistent adoption, limiting and delaying  our ability to leverage their full potential to improve health. System barriers  include inconsistent coverage, imperfect information systems for decision making  and real word evidence, policy constraints, system capacity, social influences  on health, and infrastructure gaps.We propose the development of an open access  dynamic design "engine" to align biomedical and health system innovation.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of Interest: Being the  corresponding author, I assure the Editorial Board of Infectious Diseases and  Therapy that Marco Piscaglia, Giovanni Scaglione, Camilla Genovese, Fabio  Borgonovo, Fabio Brivio, Flavia Rampichini, Renata Grifantini, Alessandra  Bandera, Andrea Gori, Marta Colaneri, and Emanuele Palomba have nothing to  disclose. Ethical Approval: The protocol was registered on OSF (  https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/4N5Y2 ).
Plain Language Summary: Anorexia nervosa symptoms tended to improve while OCD  symptoms did not.Most studies looked at treatments developed for anorexia  nervosa.More research investigating treatment of comorbid anorexia and OCD is  needed.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry and York Biomedical Research Institute, University of  York, Heslington, York YO10 5DD, U.K. (2)Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry, University of Strathclyde, Glasgow  G1 1BX, U.K. (3)STFC Central Laser Facility, Research Complex at Harwell, Harwell Science and  Innovation Campus, Didcot OX11 0QX, U.
Conflict of interest statement: I have read the journal's policy and the authors  of this manuscript have the following competing interests: T.R.G.
PURPOSE/OBJECTIVE: People with disabilities (PWDs) are at elevated risk for  depression compared to their nondisabled peers (Okoro et al., 2021). Experiences  of ableism and emotion dysregulation are identified risk factors for depression  among disabled adults (Almeida et al., 2017; Wang et al., 2022). This study  applies a minority stress lens, originally developed among sexual minorities, to  a sample of PWDs, specifically, by examining distal (i.e., interpersonal and  structural ableism) and proximal (i.e., internalized ableism and disability  concealment) minority stressors as predictors of emotion dysregulation and  depressive symptoms in a cross-disability sample. RESEARCH METHOD/DESIGN: U.S. adults (N = 162) with a range of disabilities  completed an online survey in Fall 2022 assessing all model variables.
Introduction. Fungal infections are increasingly concerning, particularly in  immunocompromised patients. These patients often suffer from comorbidities and  receive multiple, non-antifungal medications.Gap Statement.
Author information: (1)The Vivian L. Smith Department of Neurosurgery, The University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School, Houston, TX, US. (2)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Imaging, The University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School, Houston, TX, US. (3)Memorial Hermann Hospital, Houston, TX, US. (4)The Vivian L. Smith Department of Neurosurgery, The University of Texas  Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School, Houston, TX, US.  Yoshua.EsquenaziLevy@uth.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Previous presentations: Partial  results of the present study were presented at the Annual Meeting of the  Congress of Neurological Surgeons, in September 2023, in Washington, D.C.  Competing interests: The authors declare no competing interests.
Author information: (1)Statistics and Bioinformatics Unit, Vall d'Hebron Institut de Recerca (VHIR),  Barcelona, Spain. (2)Agency for Health Quality and Assessment of Catalonia (AQuaS), Barcelona,  Spain. (3)Genetics, Microbiology and Statistics Department, Universitat de Barcelona,  Barcelona, Spain. (4)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red Fragilidad y Envejecimiento  Saludable, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, 28029, Madrid, Spain. (5)Department of Medicine, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.  Adrian.Sanchez.Montalva@uab.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Veterinary Medicine, Oregon  State University, Corvallis, OR, USA. (2)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN,  USA. (3)The Sinnhuber Aquatic Research Laboratory, Oregon State University,  Corvallis, OR, USA. (4)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Veterinary Medicine, Oregon  State University, Corvallis, OR, USA. Hong.Moulton@oregonstate.
Author information: (1)Unit of Infectious Diseases, Department of Clinical Medicine, Ospedale  "Dell'Angelo", Venice, Italy. nich.geremia@gmail.com. (2)Unit of Infectious Diseases, Department of Clinical Medicine, Ospedale Civile  "S.S. Giovanni e Paolo', Venice, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Consent for publication: All the  authors consent to publish this article. Competing interests: J.W. is founder,  executive director, general manager, and owns equity in Beijing RNATech.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Stritch School of Medicine, Loyola  University, Chicago, Maywood, IL, 60153, USA. (2)Infectious Disease and Immunology Research Institute, Stritch School of  Medicine, Loyola University Chicago, Maywood, IL, 60153, USA. (3)The Jockey Club School of Public Health and Primary Care, Faculty of  Medicine, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures: G. Bowyer reported other from  AstraZeneca outside the submitted work, and is an employee of AstraZeneca.  A.V.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Christopher Coss Patents: Patent holder  concerning IP discovered while employed by GTx INC. Patent holder and royalty  recipient from Recursion Pharmaceuticals concerning IP surrounding methods of  use for HDACi AR‐42. He Kai. Consulting or Advisory Role: Perthera, Mirati  Therapeutics, Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Iovance Biotherapeutics, Geneplus, Lyell  Immunopharma, and AstraZeneca. Research Funding: Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Mirati  Therapeutics, Adaptimmune, Genentech/Roche, GlaxoSmithKline, Amgen, Abbvie,  Oncoc4. David P. Carbone. Consulting or Advisory Role: Merck, AstraZeneca,  Bristol‐Myers Squibb, EMD Serono, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Genentech/Roche,  Intellisphere, Lilly, Mirati Therapeutics, Johnson & Johnson/Janssen, Sanofi,  Abbvie, Regeneron, PPD, Curio Science, Iovance Biotherapeutics, Jazz  Pharmaceuticals, Merck KGaA, Novartis, Roche, InThought, OncLive/MJH Life  Sciences, Pfizer, Arcus Biosciences, NCCN/AstraZeneca, MSD Oncology. Honoraria:  AstraZeneca, Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Ono Pharmaceutical. Gregory A. Otterson.  Consult or Advisory Role: Novocure, OncLive/MJH Life Sciences. Research Funding:  Genentech/Roche, Pfizer, Bristol‐Myers Squibb, Novartis, Merck, AstraZeneca,  Revolution Medicines, Array BioPharma, Apollomics. Carolyn J. Presley.  Consulting or Advisory Role: OncLive, Regeneron. Dwight H. Owen. Travel,  Accommodation, Expenses: Genentech. Research Funding: Bristol‐Myers Squibb,  Palobiofarma, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Genentech/Roche, Onc.AI.
Indian J Ophthalmol. 2025 Aug 1;73(8):1100-1107. doi: 10.4103/IJO.IJO_1808_24.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: S. Aman, None; Y. Xia, None; M.L.  Faghani, None; B.
Conflict of interest statement: Outside the submitted work, B.B. was supported  by a Career Development Award from the American Heart Association and VIVA  Physicians (#938814).
Author information: (1)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University of Cologne,  Faculty of Medicine and University Hospital Cologne, Cologne, Germany (K.B.K.
BACKGROUND: There is minimal comparative effectiveness research (CER) in  Parkinson's disease (PD). Engaging people with PD in the research process  through patient advisory boards (PAB) is one way to address this gap. OBJECTIVES: To describe the project model and lessons learned from a PAB pilot  project in five Parkinson's Foundation Centers of Excellence in CER. METHODS: A virtual training and toolkit on patient engagement, PABs and CER was  created and used to implement PABs. Satisfaction and impact of the PAB training  and pilot model was assessed via surveys.Results and Lessons Learned: PAB  participants (n = 28) felt the training was comprehensive, their feedback was  prioritized, and impacted the PAB goal of developing a CER question.
Author information: (1)AAAS/ASGCT Congressional Policy Fellow, U.S. House of Representatives,  Washington, DC, United States.
Background: A more inclusive approach for addressing the diverse spectrum of  mental health experiences is needed. Network theory frames psychopathological  complaints as complex dynamic systems, that can be modelled in a network of  mutually interacting symptoms. These networks may provide important markers of  symptom improvement or exacerbation, and inform strategies for early  intervention and treatment. In previous research, we identified five distinct  Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) symptom severity trajectories within a  cohort of first responders from the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF),  deployed following the Great East Japan Earthquake (GEJE) of 2011: Resilient,  Recovery, Incomplete Recovery, Late-Onset, and Chronic.Objective: The current  study was aimed at investigating differences in symptom dynamics within the four  non-resilient PTSD symptom severity trajectories using the innovative method of  Dynamic Time Warping (DTW).Method: This study sample was selected from a cohort  of 55 632 JGSDF personnel, who completed at least four yearly mental health  surveys between 2013 and 2018, and experienced PTSD symptoms over the course of  follow-up.
Plain Language Summary: Network analysis offers methods to map the interactions  between an individual’s symptoms over time as a self-propagating system, where  symptoms can cause and exacerbate each other and create feedback loops.The novel  Dynamic Time Warping algorithm was used to create dynamic PTSD symptom networks  in a cohort of Japanese Self-Defense Force first responders, potentially  furthering our understanding of PTSD, and facilitating the selection of targets  for monitoring and early intervention.In those with improving PTSD symptom  severity trajectories, dissociation symptoms improved first and emotional  reactivity to trauma reminders improved last.
Author information: (1)Department of Pathology, Beaujon Hospital (AP-HP), Université Paris Cité,  Paris, France. (2)ProCURE, Oncobell Program, Institut d'Investigació Biomèdica de Bellvitge  (IDIBELL), Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (3)Maimonides Biomedical Research Institute of Cordoba (IMIBIC), Córdoba, Spain. (4)Department of Cell Biology, Physiology, and Immunology, University of  Córdoba, Córdoba, Spain. (5)Reina Sofia University Hospital, Córdoba, Spain. (6)CIBER Fisiopatología de la Obesidad y Nutrición (CIBERobn), Córdoba, Spain. (7)Tissue Biology and Disease Modelling, European Molecular Biology Laboratory  (EMBL) Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (8)Gastrointestinal and Endocrine Tumor Unit, Medical Oncology Department, Vall  d'Hebron University Hospital, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology, Barcelona,  Spain. (9)Gastroenterology and Technologies for Health, Centre de Cancérologie de Lyon,  INSERM U1052-CNRS UMR5286, Centre Léon Bérard, Lyon, France. (10)Section of Pathology, Department of Diagnostics and Public Health,  University of Verona, Verona, Italy. (11)Integrated Personalized and Precision Oncology Network (IPPON), Center for  Oncological Research (CORE), University of Antwerp and Antwerp University  Hospital, Wilrijk, Belgium. (12)NETwerk and Department of Oncology, Antwerp University Hospital, Edegem,  Belgium. (13)Interdisciplinary Department of Medicine, University of Bari "Aldo Moro,"  Bari, Italy. (14)Division of Medical Oncology, A.O.U.
Author information: (1)PG and Research Department of Botany, A.V.V.M. Sri Pushpam College  (Autonomous), Affiliated to Bharathidasan University, Poondi, Tamil Nadu, India.
Author information: (1)Department of Rheumatology and Medical Sciences, ASST Gaetano Pini-CTO, Via  Gaetano Pini, 9, 20122, Milan, Italy. ennio.favalli@unimi.it. (2)Department of Clinical Sciences and Community Health, Università degli Studi  di Milano, Milan, Italy. ennio.favalli@unimi.it. (3)Clinica Medica, Dipartimento di Scienze Cliniche e Molecolari, Università  Politecnica delle Marche, Ancona, Italy. (4)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Pieve Emanuele,  Milan, Italy. (5)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, Italy. (6)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Medicine-DIMED, University of Padova, Padua,  Italy. (7)Rheumatology Research Unit, Department of Health Sciences, Università "Magna  Graecia", Catanzaro, Italy. (8)Unit of Immunology, Rheumatology, Allergy and Rare Diseases (UnIRAR), IRCCS  San Raffaele Scientific Institute, Milan, Italy. (9)Faculty of Medicine, Vita-Salute San Raffaele University, Milan, Italy. (10)Department of Health Sciences - University of Basilicata, Rheumatology  Department of Lucania, San Carlo Hospital of Potenza, Potenza, Italy. (11)Rheumatology Unit, Department of Medicine & Surgery, University of Perugia,  Perugia, Italy. (12)Division of Rheumatology, A.O.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of Interest: Ennio G.  Favalli has received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie,  Alfa-Sigma, Eli-Lilly, Pfizer, Galapagos, Janssen, Novartis and UCB. Michele M.  Luchetti Gentiloni has received research support from AbbVie; consulting fees  from AbbVie, Alpha-Wasserman, Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Pfizer; speaker  fees from Alpha-Wasserman, Amgen, Eli-Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis,  Pfizer, UCB. Carlo Selmi has received consulting/speakers fee/research support  from AbbVie, Amgen, Alfa-Sigma, Biogen, Eli-Lilly, Johnson and Johnson,  Novartis, Octapharma, Pfizer, Recordati Rare Disease, SOBI and UCB. Roberta  Ramonda has received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie,  Novartis, Eli-Lilly, Johnson and Johnson, UCB and Pfizer. Lorenzo Dagna has  received consultation honoraria from Abbvie, Alfa-Sigma, Amgen, AstraZeneca,  Biogen, Bristol Myers Squibbs, Eli-Lilly, Galapagos, GSK, Johnson and Johnson,  Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi-Genzyme, SOBI, UCB and Vifor.  Salvatore D’Angelo has received consulting and speaking fees from AbbVie, Amgen,  Janssen, Eli-Lilly, MSD Italy, Novartis, Pfizer and UCB. Rosario Foti has  received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie, Alfa-Sigma,  Eli-Lilly, Pfizer, Galapagos, Janssen, Novartis and UCB. Francesco Ciccia has  received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie, Alfa-Sigma,  Eli-Lilly, Pfizer, Galapagos, Janssen, Novartis, UCB, AstraZeneca and GSK.  Giuliana Guggino has received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from  Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Eli-Lilly, Alfa-Sigma, UCB, Novartis, Vifor and  GSK. Franco Franceschini has received consulting fees and/or speaking  engagements from AbbVie, Janssen, Novartis, GSK, AstraZeneca and UCB. Maria S.  Chimenti has received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie,  Novartis, Eli-Lilly, Johnson&Johnson, UCB and Pfizer. Maurizio Rossini has  received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie, Eli-Lilly,  Janssen, Italfarmaco, Neopharmed-Gentili, Theramex and UCB. Ennio Lubrano has  received honoraria fees from Abbvie, Eli-Lilly, Janssen and UCB. Silvia Marelli  is an employee of Janssen-Cilag SpA—Italy, a Johnson & Johnson company. Alen  Zabotti has received consulting fees and/or speaking engagements from AbbVie,  Eli-Lilly, Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, UCB and Amgen. Alen Zabotti and Ennio  Lubrano are Editorial Board members of Rheumatology and Therapy. Alen Zabotti  and Ennio Lubrano were not involved in the selection of peer reviewers for the  manuscript nor any of the subsequent editorial decisions. The remaining authors  (Rosa D. Grembiale, Roberto Gerli, Bruno Frediani) declare that the research was  conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could  be construed as a potential conflict of interest. Ethical Approval: The study  was approved by the Ethics Committee of all the sites involved in the research:  Ethics Committee of ASST Centro Specialistico Ortopedico Traumatologico Gaetano  Pini-CTO, Milano (“master” Ethics Committee of the coordinating center); Ethics  Committee of Ospedali Riuniti, Ancona; Ethics Committee of Ospedale La Colletta  ASL 3 Genovese, Arenzano; Ethics Committee of ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia;  Ethics Committee of Ospedale “Antonio Cardarelli”, Campobasso; Ethics Committee  of Policlinico San Marco, Catania; Ethics Committee of Policlinico Vittorio  Emanuele, Catania; Ethics Committee of A.O.U.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.L. is a member of the  scientific advisory board for MiNK Therapeutics, a consultant for Bayer and a  member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Faeth Therapeutics and Deciduous  Therapeutics.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.K. is a cofounder and  consultant of Naveris.
Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethical standards. Guarantor:  The scientific guarantor of this publication is Dr Ping Tie. Conflict of  interest: J.W.M.
Childhood maltreatment can disrupt brain development, leading to vulnerabilities  in white matter (WM) microstructure, compromised brain integrity, and various  psychiatric disorders. Among different forms of maltreatment, neglect is the  most common; however, limited data exist on its specific impact on the brain.  This study utilized diffusion tensor imaging to examine WM microstructure  differences between neglected children without other types of maltreatment  (Neglect, n = 21) and typically developing controls (TD, n = 106). Additionally,  the study explored the relationship between WM microstructure alterations and  psychosocial problems observed in neglected children. Neglected children  exhibited larger axial diffusion (AD) in regions such as the right corticospinal  tract (R.CST), right superior longitudinal fasciculus (R.SLF), and left cingulum  (L.CG) compared to typically developing children.
MLH1 c.27G>A (p.Arg9=) is a synonymous likely/pathogenic variant underlying  variably mosaic constitutional MLH1 methylation in Lynch syndrome.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles,  CA, 90048, USA. (2)Hereditary Cancer Program, Catalan Institute of Oncology-IDIBELL, ONCOBELL,  Hospitalet de Llobregat, 08908, Barcelona, Spain. (3)Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of  Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94305, USA. (4)McDonnell Genome Institute, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint  Louis, MO, 63108, USA. (5)Department of Computational Biology, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los  Angeles, CA, 90048, USA. (6)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center,  Los Angeles, CA, 90048, USA. (7)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Cáncer (CIBERONC), Madrid, Spain. (8)Laboratorio de Oncología Molecular, IdISSC, Hospital Clínico San Carlos,  28040, Madrid, Spain. (9)Molecular Diagnosis Unit, Clinical Analysis Department, IML, IdISSC, Hospital  Clínico San Carlos, 28040, Madrid, Spain. (10)Leon Berard Center, Clinical Oncogenetics Unit, Lyon, France. (11)Sheffield Clinical Genetics Service, Sheffield Children's NHS Foundation  Trust, Western Bank, Sheffield, UK. (12)Sheffield Diagnostic Genetics Service, North East and Yorkshire GLH,  Sheffield Children's NHS Foundation Trust, Western Bank, Sheffield, UK. (13)CNRS, Inserm, CHU Lille, UMR9020-U1277 - CANTHER - Cancer Heterogeneity  Plasticity and Resistance to Therapies, University of Lille, Lille, France. (14)Molecular Oncogenetics Unit, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular  Biology, Lille University Hospital, Lille, France. (15)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles,  CA, 90048, USA. Megan.Hitchins@moffitt.
The MLH1 synonymous variant c.27G>A (p.Arg9 =) has been reported in four index  cases with suspected Lynch syndrome, but is variably classified as "likely  pathogenic" or "variant of uncertain significance" due to insubstantial clinical  and functional evidence.
Author information: (1)Biomedical and Mobile Health Technology Research Lab, ETH Zürich, 8008,  Zürich, Switzerland. (2)School of Computation, Information and Technology (CIT), Department of  Computer Science, Technical University of Munich (TUM), 80333, Munich, Germany. (3)Biomedical and Mobile Health Technology Research Lab, ETH Zürich, 8008,  Zürich, Switzerland. carlo.menon@hest.ethz.ch. (4)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Biotechnology, Khalifa University of  Science and Technology, Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 127788, Khalifa, United Arab  Emirates.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.P.S.
Author information: (1)NIHR Southampton Biomedical Research Centre, University Hospital Southampton,  NHS Foundation Trust, Southampton, UK. R.Taheem@soton.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: KMG has  received reimbursement for speaking at conferences sponsored by companies  selling nutritional products and is part of an academic consortium that has  received research funding from Abbott Nutrition, Nestec, BenevolentAI Bio Ltd.  and Danone. For the remaining authors, none were declared. Ethical approval:  University of Southampton Faculty of Medicine Ethics Committee (ERGO 46896.A1).
Author information: (1)Department of Immunology and Molecular Biology, College of Health Sciences,  Makerere University, P.O Box 7072, Kampala, Uganda.
Author information: (1)Basic Sci. Dept., Faculty of Eng., Delta University for Science and  Technology, Gamasa, Egypt. (2)Microwave Physics and Dielectrics Dept., Physics Research Institute, National  Research Centre (NRC), Dokki, Giza, 12622, Egypt. (3)Microbial Chemistry Dept., Biotechnology Research Institute, National  Research Centre (NRC), 33 El-Bohouth St.Dokki, Giza, 12622, Egypt.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: H.J., T.H., M.Y., S.P.,  S.W.H.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: L.A.G.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.X.Z.
Author information: (1)Vanderbilt Translational and Clinical Cardiovascular Research Center,  Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.  brian.r.lindman@vumc.org. (2)Vanderbilt Translational and Clinical Cardiovascular Research Center,  Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA. (3)Masonic Medical Research Institute, Utica, NY, USA. (4)Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville,  TN, USA. (5)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, Stanford Medical Center, Palo  Alto, CA, USA. (6)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, Cleveland Clinic Foundation,  Cleveland, OH, USA. (7)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, University of Texas  Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (8)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Morristown Medical Center, Morristown,  NJ, USA. (9)Veterans Affairs Tennessee Valley Healthcare System, Nashville, TN, USA. (10)Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN,  USA. (11)Department of Cardiac Surgery, Vanderbilt University Medical Center,  Nashville, TN, USA. (12)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Boston University, Boston, MA, USA. (13)Cardiology Division, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School,  Boston, MA, USA. (14)BHF Centre for Cardiovascular Science, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh,  UK. (15)Cardiovascular Institute, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard  Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (16)Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA. (17)Masonic Medical Research Institute, Utica, NY, USA. tuckern@upstate.edu. (18)Vanderbilt Translational and Clinical Cardiovascular Research Center,  Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.  ravi.shah@vumc.org. (19)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, University of California,  San Francisco, CA, USA. Sammy.Elmariah@ucsf.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.H.C.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests The authors declare no  conflicts of interest. This research was conducted independently, with no  commercial or financial ties that could have influenced the study's outcomes.  M.A.A.
Grey matter (GM) lesions and atrophy in multiple sclerosis (MS) are strongly  correlated to disease progression and cognitive decline, but molecular  mechanisms underlying GM lesion formation remain unclear. Various studies have  used a proteomics approach to study changes in cerebrospinal fluid or blood.  However, very few studies have been performed in tissue and especially GM  lesions are understudied, despite the importance of these lesions in disease  progression. For this explorative study, we applied Olink proteomics to unravel  differentially expressed proteins in the GM of MS patients (n = 9) compared to  controls (n = 10). First, we evaluated which of the 184 proteins in a neurology  and inflammation panel could accurately distinguish MS from control by applying  a classifier based on unbiased variable selection. The classifier consisted of  five proteins: HGF, PVR, NEP, EFNA4 and LAP.TGF.
Author information: (1)Vascular Biology and Translational Research, Department of Pathology, School  of Biomedical Science, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of New South  Wales, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Electronic address:  L.Khachigian@unsw.
Author information: (1)MRC Versus Arthritis Centre for Musculoskeletal Ageing Research, David  Greenfield Human Physiology Unit, School of Life Sciences, University of  Nottingham, Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, UK; National Institute for  Health Research (NIHR) Nottingham Biomedical Research Centre, Nottingham  University Hospitals NHS Trust and University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK. (2)Division of Food, Nutrition & Dietetics, School of Biosciences, University of  Nottingham, Loughborough, UK; Department of Clinical Nutrition, Faculty of  Applied Medical Sciences, King Abdulaziz University, P.O. Box 80215, Jeddah,  Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Division of Molecular Pathology, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, the  Netherlands; Division of Psychosocial Research and Epidemiology, Netherlands  Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (2)Division of Molecular Pathology, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, the  Netherlands; Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden University Medical  Center, Leiden, the Netherlands; Department of Clinical Genetics, Leiden  University Medical Center, Leiden, the Netherlands. (3)Department of Computational Biomedicine, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los  Angeles, CA, USA. (4)European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer Headquarters,  Brussels, Belgium. (5)Department of Surgical Oncology, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, the  Netherlands. (6)Oncology Department, Institut Jules Bordet and l'Université Libre de  Bruxelles (U.L.B.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest E.J.T.R.  reports receiving honoraria from Guerbet (outside the submitted work).
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai 625015,  Tamil Nadu, India; International Ph.D. Program in Innovative Technology of  Biomedical Engineering and Medical Devices, Ming Chi University of Technology,  New Taipei City 243303, Taiwan.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interests The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: Emiko Sato reports drug was  provided by NRL Pharma Inc. Emiko Sato has patent #PCT/JP2024/017376 pending to  Tohoku University. E.S and Y.I. have a patent application related to this work.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Renal Medicine, Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital, Perth,  Australia. Electronic address: Samantha.Carija@health.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests S.K. receives research  funding from Sanofi, Biocartis, Guardant Health, Array BioPharma,  Genentech/Roche, EMD Serono, MedImmune, Novartis, Amgen, Lilly, and Daiichi  Sankyo.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.W.Z.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All experiments were performed in accordance with the declaration  of Helsinki and Mashhad University of Medical Sciences ethical guidelines and  regulations. The research protocol was approved by the School of Medicine,  Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Biomedical Research Ethics Committee  (IR.MUMS.MEDICAL.REC.
Author information: (1)Gujarat Research and Medical Inst, Rajasthan Hospital, Ahmedabad, 380 004,  India. (2)Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Ahmedabad, 380 009, India.  kulkarnigr99@gmail.com. (3)The Apollo Clinic, Bansdroni, Kolkata, 700 040, India. (4), B-3/17, Paschim Vihar, 110 063, India. (5)M.E.S Hospital, Sultan Bathery, 673 592, India.
Author information: (1)School of Biomedical Sciences and Pharmacy, University of Newcastle,  Callaghan, NSW, 2308, Australia. (2)Hunter Medical Research Institute, New Lambton Heights, Newcastle, NSW, 2305,  Australia. (3)Newcastle Centre of Excellence in Cardio-Oncology, Hunter Medical Research  Institute, Calvary Mater Newcastle, The University of Newcastle, Hunter New  England Health, Newcastle, NSW, Australia. (4)Hunter New England Local Health District, New Lambton Heights, NSW, 2305,  Australia. (5)School of Nursing and Midwifery, University of Newcastle, Callaghan, NSW,  2308, Australia. (6)Department of Pharmacy Practice and Science, University of Kentucky College  of Pharmacy, Lexington, KY, United States of America. (7)Duke Cancer Institute, Durham, NC, United States of America. (8)Department of Medicine, Wilmot Cancer Institute, University of Rochester,  Rochester, NY, USA. (9)Hunter Medical Research Institute, New Lambton Heights, Newcastle, NSW, 2305,  Australia. Aaron.Sverdlov@newcastle.
Author information: (1)University of Aberdeen, Aberdeen, UK. Alex.Johnstone@abdn.
An international expert panel convened to evaluate nutrition-based approaches to  brain health and dementia prevention. This consensus statement integrates  perspectives from lived experiences, mechanistic evidence, epidemiology, and  clinical interventions. Nutrition plays a crucial role in brain health  throughout life and in cognitive decline pathogenesis, particularly through the  food-gut-brain axis. Intervention effectiveness varies across the health  promotion, prevention, treatment, and maintenance spectrum due to methodological  differences and individual responses to nutritional interventions.The  Mediterranean and MIND dietary patterns show promise for maintaining cognitive  function across studies.
Author information: (1)Institute of Dentistry, School of Medicine, Medical Sciences and Nutrition,  University of Aberdeen, Foresterhill Campus, Cornhill Road, Aberdeen, AB25 2ZR,  UK. r.alhyari.22@abdn.ac.uk. (2)Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Faculty of Dentistry, Zarqa University, P.O.  BOX 2000, Zarqa, 13110, Jordan.
OBJECTIVE: Both triglyceride glucose index(TyG) and weight-adjusted waist  circumference index (WWI) are independent predictors of diabetes onset, but the  relationship between TyG index and WWI index and diabetes risk is not well  understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the interaction between TyG  and WWI indices on diabetes risk and to assess whether the combination of TyG  and WWI indices is a better predictor of diabetes incidence. METHODS: A total of 5555 participants aged 45 years and older without diabetes  were enrolled and followed up for a duration of up to 9 years according to the  China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS). After identifying key  predictors using the least absolute shrinkage with selection operator (LASSO)  technique, COX proportional risk model assessments were performed to evaluate  the association between TyG index and WWI index and diabetes risk, Kaplan-Meier  analyses were used for cumulative risk and mediation analyses were used to  assess the mediated relationship between TyG index, WWI index and diabetes risk.  In addition, subgroup analyses and sensitivity analyses were performed to  investigate the predictive performance and robustness of the results in  different populations. RESULTS: A total of 880 participants developed diabetes over the course of 9  years of follow-up.COX proportional risk regression modelling revealed that  participants with high TyG and high WWI had the highest risk (HR = 1.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This study was conducted and approved by the Biomedical Ethics  Review Committee of Peking University in accordance with the principles of the  Declaration of Helsinki. In addition, all participants provided written informed  consent to participate in the study (IRB approval number IRB00001052-11015).  This study does not disclose any personal privacy of the participants and does  not violate data protection laws.The research has been performed in accordance  with the Declaration of Helsinki.
For this Commentary, we selected papers from those in this journal's Thematic  Series on health research systems' pandemic response. The calling notice for  papers suggested possible use of a WHO framework for analysing health research  systems (HRSs). Whilst it was not widely used in the reported studies, it did  provide the basis for the two main, overlapping, topics for analysis in this  Commentary. These, in turn, informed the selection criteria for papers. First,  we selected papers that described the contributions made towards meeting the  needs for pandemic-related research in at least one area we could classify as  being one of the nine components of a HRS, and did so in at least one  jurisdiction. Second, we identified papers that could contribute to an analysis  of how comprehensive HRSs facilitated progress in meeting the needs for  pandemic-related research.Using the selection criteria, we included 13 papers in  the Commentary covering research in 22 named countries, and many others unnamed.
BACKGROUND: Iron overload from red blood cell (RBC) transfusions is a source of  morbidity and mortality in myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). Evidence supporting  iron chelation therapy (ICT) is limited for elderly patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We analyzed real-world ICT utilization and outcomes in  the U.S. Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER)-Medicare population.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Institute for Complementary and Integrative Medicine, University Hospital  Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Jesus.Lopez@usz.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurology, Tufts Medical Center, USA. Electronic address:  senelson13@gmail.com. (2)Department of Cross-Disciplinary Biomedical Sciences, School of Medicine,  Johns Hopkins University, USA. Electronic address:  https://twitter.com/HopkinsNCCU. (3)Department of Radiology and Radiological Science, Johns Hopkins University,  USA; F.M. Kirby Research Center for Functional Brain Imaging, Kennedy Krieger  Institute, USA.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Division of Depression and Anxiety, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA, USA;  Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. Electronic  address: nharnett@mclean.harvard.edu. (2)Division of Depression and Anxiety, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA, USA. (3)Division of Depression and Anxiety, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA, USA;  Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (4)Brain Imaging and Analysis Center, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA;  Department of Veteran Affairs Mid-Atlantic Mental Illness Research, Education  and Clinical Center, Durham, NC, USA. (5)Center for Depression, Anxiety and Stress Research, McLean Hospital, Belmont  MA, USA Harvard Medical School, Boston MA, USA. (6)Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA; Institute  for Technology in Psychiatry, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA, USA. (7)Division of Depression and Anxiety, McLean Hospital, Belmont, MA, USA  Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA; Noel Drury,  M.D. Institute for Translational Depression Discoveries, University of  California, CA, USA.
There is increasing evidence that the methyl-binding domain (MBD) is a  protein-protein interaction motif that can function independently of methylated  DNA binding. The MBD proteins found throughout plants and invertebrates  duplicated into multiple vertebrate DNA and non-DNA-binding members (MBD1, MBD2,  MBD3, MBD4, MBD5, MBD6, MECP2, BAZ2A, BAZ2B, SETDB1, and SETDB2). Although many  invertebrate species possess MBD proteins that can bind and recognize DNA  methylation, the DNA-binding function has been independently lost multiple  times, with only minor alterations to the protein interaction residues. The  nucleosome remodeling and deacetylase (NuRD) complex, which interacts with  MBD2/3 and is colocalized with MBD1/4 ChIP-Seq, is maintained in species where  MBD2/3 cannot bind to DNA. NuRD ChIP-seq data from HepG2 cell line, human  induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs), and human iPSC-derived liver cells  suggest that the NuRD complex is highly localized to nonmethylated CpG-rich  housekeeping gene promoter elements, which are essential in organogenesis and  maintained within the Drosophila melanogaster MBD2/3 non-DNA-binding system.  Integration of MBD interaction proteins and NuRD gene expression from >115  million cells of single-cell RNA-seq, along with thousands of bulk tissue  profiles, highlights a critical role of MBD3, MECP2, and GATAD2B in brain  development and intellectual disability syndromes that is maintained throughout  invertebrate neural development and likely involves evolutionary expanded  entanglement as the vertebrate MBD proteins expanded. This work suggests that  MBD has a largely unexplored role as a critical protein interaction motif that  is evolutionarily conserved for regulating enhancers and promoters.NEW &  NOTEWORTHY The evolution of the methyl-binding domain (MBD) suggests a shared  function in gene regulation, from plants to humans, with the conservation of  non-DNA-interacting amino acids critical for protein-protein interactions.
Objectives.This study aimed to develop and validate a load cell-based device for  measuring isometric forearm rotation torque and to determine its test-retest  reliability.Approach.The custom-built device was calibrated using known weights  and validated against a high-precision torque transducer.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J Ärnlöv reports  payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript  writing or educational events from AstraZeneca and Boerhinger Ingelheim;  participation on a data safety monitoring board or advisory board with  AstraZeneca, Boerhinger Ingelheim, and Astella; all outside the submitted work.  O C Baltatu reports support for the present manuscript from the National Council  for Scientific and Technological Development Fellowship (CNPq, 304224/2022-7),  Anima Institute (AI) Research Professor Fellowship, and Alfaisal University;  leadership or fiduciary roles in board, society, committee, or advocacy groups  outside the submitted work, paid or unpaid with VividiWise Analytics as Managing  Partner and São José dos Campos Tech Park – CITE as Biotech Advisory Board  Member. L Belo reports support from Fundação para a Ciência e a Tecnologia (FCT)  in the scope of the project UIDP/04378/2020 and UIDB/04378/2020 of UCIBIO and  the project LA/P/0140/2020 of i4HB, outside the submitted work. S Bhaskar  reports grants or contracts from the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science  (JSPS), Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology  (MEXT) for a Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI; grant ID: 23KF0126)  and from JSPS and the Australian Academy of Science for a JSPS International  Fellowship (grant ID: P23712); leadership or fiduciary roles in board, society,  committee or advocacy groups, paid or unpaid with Rotary District 9675, Sydney,  Australia, as District Chair, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Global Health &  Migration Hub Community, Global Health Hub Germany, Berlin, Germany, as Chair,  Founding Member and Manager; PLOS One, BMC Neurology, Frontiers in Neurology,  Frontiers in Stroke, Frontiers in Public Health, Journal of Aging Research,  Neurology International, Diagnostics, Vas-Cog, and BMC Medical Research  Methodology as Editorial Board Member; College of Reviewers, Canadian Institutes  of Health Research (CIHR), Government of Canada as Member; World Headache  Society, Bengaluru, India as Director of Research; Cariplo Foundation, Milan,  Italy as Expert Adviser/Reviewer, National Cerebral and Cardiovascular Center,  Department of Neurology, Division of Cerebrovascular Medicine and Neurology,  Suita, Osaka, Japan, as Visiting Director, Cardiff University Biobank, Cardiff,  UK, as Member, Scientific Review Committee, and Rotary Reconciliation Action  Plan as Chair; all outside the submitted work. B Bikbov reports grants or  contracts from European Commission, Politecnico di Milano, University of Rome,  Nova Biomedical; support for attending meetings or travel, or both, from the  European Renal Association; leadership or fiduciary roles in board, society,  committee, or advocacy groups, unpaid with Advocacy Group, International Society  of Nephrology and Western Europe Regional Board, International Society of  Nephrology; and other non-financial support from Scientific-Tools.Org for a  public health consultancy; all outside the submitted work.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests J.K. is a co-founder of  Rho Bio.
Author information: (1)Senckenberg Research Institute, Senckenberganlage 25, 60325 Frankfurt,  Germany; Institute of Cell Biology and Neuroscience, Faculty of Biosciences,  Goethe University Frankfurt, Max-von-Laue-Str. 9, 60438 Frankfurt, Germany.  Electronic address: Leon.Hilgers@senckenberg.
Author information: (1)Center for Behavioral Emergency & Addiction Research, McWilliams School of  Biomedical Informatics, the University of Texas Health Science Center at  Houston, 7000 Fannin Street, Ste 600, Houston, TX 77030, United States of  America. Electronic address: Tiffany.Champagne@uth.
The Author(s). Advanced Science published by Wiley‐VCH GmbH. This article  has been contributed to by U.S. Government employees and their work is in the  public domain in the USA.
Author information: (1)From the Division of Trauma, Department of Surgery (M.S.S.
The ongoing outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) H5N1 clade  2.3.4.4b has affected at least 989 dairy herds across 17 states in the United  States (U.S.) and resulted in 70 confirmed human infections, underscoring the  urgent need to understand the pathogenesis and therapeutic interventions of  emerging H5N1 viruses.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Research, University of Southern Denmark, Odense,  Denmark. (2)Department of Gynaecology & Obstetrics, Odense University Hospital, Odense,  Denmark. (3)Department of Public Health and Nursing, NTNU, Trondheim, Norway. (4)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, St.Olavs Hospital, Trondheim,  Norway.
Taxonomic classification of cellular organisms requires the publication of  descriptions and proposed names of species and the deposition of specimens.  Virus taxonomy is developed through a different system of annual submission of  formal taxonomy proposals (TPs) that can be submitted by anyone but are  typically prepared by a study group appointed by the International Committee on  Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV) and consisting of experts on a particular group of  viruses. These are initially evaluated by an expert subcommittee and by the  executive committee (EC) of the ICTV. EC-approved TPs are then submitted for  evaluation and a ratification vote by the wider ICTV membership. Following  ratification, the new taxonomy is annually updated in the Master Species List,  associated databases and bioinformatic resources. The process is consistent,  creates traceability in assignments and supports a fully evaluated, hierarchical  classification and nomenclature of all taxonomic ranks from species to realms.  The structure also facilitates large-scale and coordinated changes to virus  taxonomy, such as the recent introduction of a binomial species nomenclature.TPs  are available on the ICTV website after ratification, but they are not indexed  in bibliographic databases and are not easily cited.
Histotripsy is the first noninvasive, nonthermal, and nonionizing focused  ultrasound ablative therapy that effectively destroys targeted tissue.  Histotripsy research began as an early preclinical prototype that eventually  underwent small- and large-animal preclinical testing to ensure safe clinical  translation to human use. Small-animal studies demonstrated the efficacy of  histotripsy in destroying liver tumors and generating immune responses, while  large-animal studies in human-sized livers further refined the technology for  clinical translation. Preclinical studies revealed that histotripsy is a safe  ablative modality that has tissue selectivity, meaning tissues of different  structural composition have different thresholds for cavitation-induced  destruction, with relative sparing of collagenous structures such as vessels and  bile ducts. The noninvasive nature of histotripsy potentially allows for  treatment of patients with coagulation abnormalities or those receiving  anticoagulation therapy. Additional findings include the creation of  well-defined treatment zones that are seen to rapidly resorb over time, a  feature allowing for easier treatment response evaluation. This article reviews  key observations and results from preclinical and early clinical histotripsy  studies leading to U.S. Food and Drug Administration's approval for the  treatment of liver cancer.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures of conflicts of interest: T.W. No  relevant relationships.
Author information: (1)INNO Veterinary Laboratories, R. Cândido de Sousa 15, 4710-300 Braga,  Portugal. (2)Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, University Institute of Health  Sciences-CESPU (IUCS-CESPU), 4585-116 Gandra, Portugal. (3)Department of Veterinary Sciences, University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro  (UTAD), 5000-801 Vila Real, Portugal. (4)UNIPRO-Oral Pathology and Rehabilitation Research Unit, University Institute  of Health Sciences-CESPU (IUCS-CESPU), 4585-116 Gandra, Portugal. (5)Animal and Veterinary Research Centre (CECAV), Associate Laboratory for  Animal and Veterinary Sciences (AL4AnimalS), University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto  Douro (UTAD), 5000-801 Vila Real, Portugal. (6)Cytology and Hematology Diagnostic Services, Laboratory of Histology and  Embryology, Department of Microscopy, ICBAS-School of Medicine and Biomedical  Sciences, University of Porto (U.Porto), Rua de Jorge Viterbo Ferreira, 228,  4050-313 Porto, Portugal.
Conflict of interest statement: Authors P.B.-S.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors D.V.M.
Author information: (1)Conahcyt National Laboratory of Body Composition and Energetic Metabolism  (LaNCoCoME), Tijuana 22390, Mexico. (2)Faculty of Medicine and Psychology, Autonomous University of Baja California,  Tijuana 22390, Mexico. (3)Department of Health Sciences, Biomedical Sciences Institute, Autonomous  University of Ciudad Juarez, Ciudad Juarez 32310, Mexico. (4)Faculty of Sports Ensenada, Autonomous University of Baja California,  Ensenada 22800, Mexico. (5)Department of Medical Physiology, Faculty of Medicine, Sport and Health  University Research Institute (iMUDS), University of Granada, 18001 Granada,  Spain. (6)CIBER Physiopathology of Obesity and Nutrition, Institute of Health Carlos  III, 28029 Granada, Spain. (7)Biosanitary Research Institute, Ibs.Granada, 18012 Granada, Spain.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare the following potential  competing interests: M.R.-P.
Author information: (1)Division of Medical Oncology, Maggiore University Hospital, 28100 Novara,  Italy. (2)Department of Internal Medicine and Medical Sciences (Dimi), School of  Medicine, University of Genova, 16126 Genova, Italy. (3)Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale, 28100  Novara, Italy. (4)Radiology Department, Maggiore University Hospital, 28100 Novara, Italy. (5)Department of Cardiology, Humanitas Gavazzeni Hospital, 24125 Bergamo, Italy. (6)Department of Experimental Medicine, Università degli Studi di Roma Tor  Vergata, 00133 Roma, Italy. (7)Institute of Cardiology, ASST Spedali Civili, Department of Medical and  Surgical Specialties, Radiological Sciences and Public Health, University of  Brescia, 25121 Brescia, Italy. (8)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi  Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20090 Milan, Italy. (9)IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089 Milan,  Italy. (10)U.O. Clinica di Oncologia Medica, IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino,  16132 Genova, Italy.
Author information: (1)Department of Pathology and Medical Biology, University Medical Center  Groningen, University of Groningen, 9713 GZ Groningen, The Netherlands. (2)W.J. Kolff Institute for Biomedical Engineering and Materials Science-FB41,  University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, 9713 AV Groningen,  The Netherlands.
Author information: (1)Institute for Bionic Technologies and Engineering, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow  State Medical University (Sechenov University), Bolshaya Pirogovskaya Street  2-4, 119991 Moscow, Russia.
BACKGROUND: The venom of Loxoscelesrufescens (L.r.), also known as the violin  and/or brown spider, contains a wide variety of proteins and can induce a  complex, intense, and uncontrolled inflammatory response, hemolysis,  thrombocytopenia, dermo-necrosis, and renal failure. Studies have postulated the  efficacy of hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) for Loxosceles bites. However, data  describing the use and beneficial effects of HBO are, to date, relatively  scarce. Only a few cases of Loxosceles bites in Northern Italy have been  documented, and there is no laboratory test available for the diagnosis. OBJECTIVES: We present seven cases (aged 54.5 ± 4.2 years) of patients who  presented to the emergency room (E.R.) of Niguarda Hospital in Milan from March  to October 2022.
Author information: (1)Unit of Nephrology and Dialysis, Department of Clinical and Experimental  Medicine, University of Messina, 98125 Messina, Italy. (2)Nephrology and Dialysis Department, "Maggiore" Hospital, Modica, 97100  Ragusa, Italy. (3)Department of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, University of Catania,  95100 Catania, Italy. (4)Unit and School of Geriatrics, Department of Clinical and Experimental  Medicine, University Hospital of Messina, Via C. Valeria, 98125 Messina, Italy. (5)Department of Biomedical Sciences and Morphologic and Functional Imaging,  Policlinico "G. Martino", University of Messina, Via Consolare Valeria 1, 98100  Messina, Italy. (6)Unit of Geriatric Medicine, Italian National Research Center on Aging (IRCCS  INRCA), 87100 Cosenza, Italy. (7)Department of Pharmacy, Health and Nutritional Science, University of  Calabria, 87036 Rende, Italy. (8)Laboratory of Pharmacoepidemiology and Biostatistics, Italian National  Research Center on Aging (IRCCS INRCA), 87100 Cosenza, Italy. (9)U.O.C.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy of Oujda, Mohammed First University, 724,  Oujda 60000, Morocco. (2)Laboratory of Bioresources, Biotechnology, Ethnopharmacology and Health,  Faculty of Sciences, Mohammed First University, BP 717, Oujda 60000, Morocco. (3)Higher Institute of Nursing Professions and Health Techniques, Oujda 60000,  Morocco. (4)Ministry of Health and Social Protection, Higher Institute of Nursing  Professions and Health Techniques, Fez 30000, Morocco. (5)Biomedical and Translational Research Laboratory, Faculty of Medicine and  Pharmacy of Fez, Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University, Fez 30000, Morocco. (6)National Agency of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants, BP 159, Principal, Taounate  34000, Morocco. (7)Euromed Research Center, Euromed Polytechnic School, Euromed University of  Fes (UEMF), Fes 30000, Morocco. (8)Laboratory of Chemistry of Natural Molecules, University of Liège, Gembloux  Agro-Bio Tech. 2, Passage des Déportés, B-5030 Gembloux, Belgium. (9)Institut Polytechnique UniLaSalle, AGHYLE, UP 2018.C101, UniLaSalle, 19 rue  Pierre Waguet, BP 30313, 60026 Beauvais, France.
Author information: (1)Department of Mechanics and Advanced Materials, Campus Monterrey, School of  Engineering and Sciences, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Av. Eugenio Garza Sada 2501  Sur, Tecnológico, Monterrey 64849, Mexico. (2)Laboratoire des Systèmes Complexes (LSC), Ecole Supérieure en Génie  Electrique et Energétique ESGEE Oran, Chemin Vicinal N9, Oran 31000, Algeria. (3)Mechanical Engineering Department, Ahmadu Bello University, Kaduna, Zaria  810107, Nigeria. (4)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Baze University, Abuja 900108, Nigeria. (5)Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering and  Architecture, Umm Al-Qura University, P.O. Box 5555, Makkah 24382, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Universidad de La Frontera, Temuco  4811230, Chile. (2)Department of Mechanics and Advanced Materials, Campus Monterrey, School of  Engineering and Sciences, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Av. Eugenio Garza Sada 2501  Sur, Tecnológico, Monterrey 64849, Mexico. (3)Master Program in Engineering Sciences, Faculty of Engineering, Universidad  de La Frontera, Temuco 4811230, Chile. (4)Laboratoire des Systèmes Complexe (LSC), Ecole Supérieure en Génie Electrique  et Energétique ESGEE Oran, Chemin Vicinal N9, Oran 31000, Algeria. (5)Facultad de Arquitectura, Construcción y Medio Ambiente, Universidad Autónoma  de Chile, Talca 3460000, Chile. (6)Mechanical Engineering Department, College of Engineering and Architecture,  Umm Al-Qura University, P.O. Box 5555, Makkah 24382, Saudi Arabia.
Conflict of interest statement: D.M.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Author T.I. has received an advisory fee from  MagneDesign Co.
Author information: (1)Nanobiophotonics & Biomedical Research Laboratory, M.I.S.
In clinical applications of surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS)  immunosensors, accurately determining analyte biomarker concentrations is  essential. This study presents a non-invasive approach for quantifying various  breast cancer biomarkers-including human epidermal growth factor receptor II  (HER-II) (2+, 3+ (I), 3+ (II), 3+ (III), and positive IV) and CA 15-3-using a  directional, plasmonically active, label-free SERS sensor. Each stage of sensor  functionalization, conjugation, and biomarker interaction was verified by UV-Vis  spectroscopy. Atomic force microscopy (AFM) characterized the morphology of gold  nanourchin (GNU)-immobilized printed circuit board (PCB) substrates. An  enhancement factor of ≈ 0.5 × 105 was achieved using Rhodamine 6G as the probe  molecule. Calibration curves were initially established using standard HER-II  solutions at concentrations ranging from 1 to 100 ng/mL and CA 15-3 at  concentrations from 10 to 100 U/mL. The SERS signal intensities in the 620-720  nm region were plotted against concentration, yielding linear sensitivity with  R2 values of 0.942 and 0.800 for HER-II and CA15-3, respectively. The same  procedure was applied to breast cancer serum (BCS) samples, allowing unknown  biomarker concentrations to be determined based on the corresponding calibration  curves. SERS data were processed using the filtfilt filter from scipy.signal for  smoothing and then baseline-corrected with the Improved Asymmetric Least Squares  (IASLS) algorithm from the pybaselines.Whittaker library.
Author information: (1)State Key Laboratory of Animal Nutrition and Feeding, Institute of Animal  Science, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing 100193, China. (2)Institute of Subtropical Agriculture, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Changsha  410125, China. (3)Graduate School of Biomedical Engineering, University of New South Wales,  Sydney, NSW 2052, Australia. (4)Animal Production Department, Agricultural and Biological Research Institute,  National Research Centre, 33 El-Buhouth Street, Dokki, Cairo P.O. Box 12622,  Egypt.
The PA7-clade (or group 3) of Pseudomonas aeruginosa is now recognized as a  distinct species, Pseudomonas paraeruginosa. We report here the genomic  sequences of six new strains of P. paraeruginosa: Zw26 (the first complete  genome of a cystic fibrosis isolate of P. paraeruginosa), draft genomes of four  burn and wound strains from Argentina very closely related to PA7, and of  Pa5196, the strain in which arabinosylation of type IV pili was documented. We  compared the genomes of 82 strains of P. paraeruginosa and confirmed that the  species is divided into two sub-clades. Core genomes are very similar, while  most differences are found in "regions of genomic plasticity" (RGPs). Several  genomic deletions were identified, and most are common to the CR1 sub-clade that  includes Zw26 and Pa5196. All strains lack the type 3 secretion system (T3SS)  and instead use an alternative virulence strategy involving an exolysin, a  characteristic shared with group 5 P. aeruginosa. All strains tend to be  multiresistant like PA7, with a significant proportion of carbapenem-resistant  strains, either oprD mutants or carrying carbapenemase genes. Although P.  paraeruginosa is still relatively rare, it has a worldwide distribution. Its  multiresistance and its alternative virulence strategy need to be considered in  future therapeutic development.IMPORTANCEPseudomonas aeruginosa is an important  opportunistic pathogen causing respiratory infections, notably in cystic  fibrosis, and burn and wound infections.
Author information: (1)Department of Dental Informatics, Okayama University Graduate School of  Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Okayama, Japan. (2)Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Ulsan College of  Medicine, Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Republic of Korea. (3)Arizona School of Dentistry & Oral Health, A.T. Still University, Mesa,  Arizona, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Cardiology, Leiden University Medical Centre, the Netherlands  (C.J., H.S.C.
Author information: (1)Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine (Z.T.Y.
Author information: (1)Cardiovascular Research Centre, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada.  (Q.G.K.
BACKGROUND: The clinical manifestations of cerebrovascular disease are known to  differ between the Chinese and United States (U.S.) populations as do the plaque  features on imaging.
Author information: (1)Departamento de Farmacia-Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Nacional de  Colombia-Sede Bogotá Bogotá D.C. Colombia jaegarciaca@unal.
The dissatisfaction within the postdoctoral training phase has led to the  drastic reduction in the number of U.S. citizens pursuing postdoctoral positions  within the biological and biomedical sciences fields.
INTRODUCTION: Variations in clinical management of cognitive disorders in  Parkinson's disease (PD) can delay diagnosis, treatment, and care. To harmonize  clinical practice, we aimed to gain consensus on best practice recommendations  for the diagnosis, evaluation, and management of cognitive disorders in PD. METHOD: Fifty-eight evidence-based recommendations were presented to an expert  panel (N = 29) of Australian PD clinicians and researchers using a modified  Delphi approach to gauge agreement. A 5-point Likert scale was used, with a  median score > 4 and inter-quartile range < 1, indicating satisfactory  agreement. Optional written feedback was also collected. A steering committee of  clinicians, researchers, and lived experience experts (N = 13) revised  recommendations based on panel feedback. RESULTS: Fifty-one evidence-based and expert-endorsed recommendations for the  diagnosis, evaluation, and management of cognitive disorders in PD were  produced. DISCUSSION: The recommendations serve as a foundational framework to guide  clinical practice for cognitive disorders in PD and improve the provision of  care. HIGHLIGHTS: Recommendations for cognitive disorders in Parkinson's disease were  developed.Diagnosis, evaluation, and management of cognitive disorders were  explored.A modified Delphi approach was used.A panel of 29 Australian clinician  and/or research experts provided input.Fifty-one evidence-based and  expert-backed recommendations were developed.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, School of Medicine, Nazarbayev University,  Astana, Kazakhstan. (2)Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, Nazarbayev University, Astana,  Kazakhstan. (3)Department of Medicine, "University Medical Center" Corporate Fund, Astana,  Kazakhstan. (4)Department of Biology, School of Sciences and Humanities, Nazarbayev  University, Astana, Kazakhstan. (5)Medical Center Hospital of the President's Affairs Administration of the  Republic of Kazakhstan, Astana, Kazakhstan. (6)"B.B.NURA" Hospitals Group, Astana, Kazakhstan.
Author information: (1)Biopathology and Regenerative Medicine Institute (IBIMER), Center for  Biomedical Research (CIBM), University of Granada, Granada, 18016, Spain. (2)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria ibs.GRANADA, Granada, 18012, Spain.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Author information: (1)Department of Health Promotion, School of Public Health, University of  Zambia, Lusaka, Zambia. (2)Department of Community and Family Medicine, School of Public Health,  University of Zambia, Lusaka, Zambia. paul.malizgani@umu.se. (3)Department of Epidemiology and Global Health, Umeå University, 901 87, Umeå,  Sweden. paul.malizgani@umu.se. (4)Department of Health Policy and Management, School of Public Health,  University of Zambia, Lusaka, Zambia. (5)Yakini Health Research Institute, Lusaka, Zambia. (6)Ministry of Health, Kitwe Teaching Hospital, Off Kumboka Drive, P.O. Box  20969, Kitwe, Zambia.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Authors R.H., Y.H., M.D.,  W.X., N.Z., Z.A. and C.C.Z.
BACKGROUND: Heterogeneous circulating tumor cells (CTCs) have been implicated in  the formation of new metastases. However, circulating cells expressing both  tumor and immune cell proteins are often dismissed as insignificant findings in  CTC studies. METHODS: Two non-contemporaneous blood samples from a metastatic breast cancer  patient were analyzed using an enrichment-free platform to identify canonical,  epithelial-only CTCs (CD45-/cytokeratin + , epi.CTCs) and CD45 + /cytokeratin+  immune-like CTCs (im.CTCs).
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: P.K. and J.H. hold and  receive royalties from Epic Sciences for licensed technology.
Author information: (1)Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical  University, Nanjing, China. xuduo@jsph.org.cn. (2)Department of General Thoracic Surgery, Inselspital, Bern University  Hospital, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland. (3)Department for BioMedical Research (DBMR), Inselspital, Bern University  Hospital, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland. (4)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Nanjing First Hospital, Nanjing Medical  University, Nanjing, China. (5)Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical  University, Nanjing, China. (6)Department of Thoracic Surgery, University Medicine Essen - Ruhrlandklinik,  West German Cancer Center, University Hospital Essen, University Duisburg-Essen,  Tüschener Weg 40, 45239, Essen, Germany. (7)Department of Medicine, University of Minnesota Twin Cities, 516 Delaware  Street SE, Minneapolis, MN, USA. (8)Department of General Thoracic Surgery, Inselspital, Bern University  Hospital, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland. Renwang.Peng@insel.
Author information: (1)Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Louisiana State University, Baton  Rouge, LA, USA. Rodrigo.Fernandez@pbrc.
Author information: (1)Department of Physical Education and Aesthetic Education, Hangzhou City  University, Zhejiang, China. (2)National Centre for Sport and Exercise Medicine, School of Sport, Exercise  and Health Sciences, Loughborough University, Loughborough, United Kingdom. (3)National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Leicester Biomedical  Research Centre, University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and University of  Leicester, Leicester, United Kingdom. (4)Diabetes Research Centre, University of Leicester, Leicester, United Kingdom. (5)National Centre for Sport and Exercise Medicine, School of Sport, Exercise  and Health Sciences, Loughborough University, Loughborough, United Kingdom.  D.J.Stensel@lboro.
Author information: (1)STADIUS, ESAT, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium. (2)Biomedical Research Institute, Hasselt University, Hasselt, Belgium. (3)Data Science Institute, Hasselt University, Hasselt, Belgium. (4)University Multiple Sclerosis Center, Hasselt University, Hasselt, Belgium. (5)Department of Neurology, Neuroimmunology Centre, Royal Melbourne Hospital,  Melbourne, VIC, Australia. (6)Medical Point Hospital, Izmir University of Economics, Izmir, Turkey. (7)Department of Neurology, LR 18SP03, Clinical Investigation Centre  Neurosciences and Mental Health, Razi University Hospital, Tunis, Tunisia. (8)Department of Neurology, Antwerp University Hospital, Edegem, Belgium. (9)University of Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium. (10)Department of Neurology and Center of Clinical Neuroscience, First Faculty  of Medicine, Charles University in Prague and General University Hospital,  Prague, Czechia. (11)Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences and Advanced Technologies, GF  Ingrassia, Catania, Italy. (12)CHUM and Universite de Montreal, Montreal, QC, Canada. (13)Dipartimento di Scienze Biomediche e Neuromotorie, Università di Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. (14)Institute for Advanced Biomedical Technologies (ITAB), Dept Neurosciences,  Imaging and Clinical Sciences, University G. d'Annunzio of Chieti-Pescara,  Chieti, Italy. (15)CISSS Chaudière-Appalache, Levis, QC, Canada. (16)Neurology Unit, AST Macerata, Macerata, Italy. (17)Department of Neurology, Medical Faculty, Karadeniz Technical University,  Trabzon, Turkey. (18)Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine, Amiri Hospital, Sharq,  Kuwait. (19)Department NEUROFARBA, University of Florence, Florence, Italy. (20)IRCCS Fondazione Don Carlo Gnocchi, Florence, Italy. (21)Department of Neurosciences, Box Hill Hospital, Box Hill, VIC, Australia. (22)Hunter Medical Research Institute, University Newcastle, Newcastle, NSW,  Australia. (23)Department of Neurology, Unidade Local de Saúde de São João, Porto,  Portugal. (24)Department of Clinical Neurosciences and Mental Health, Faculty of Medicine  of University of Porto, Porto, Portugal. (25)Neurology Unit, Galliera Hospital, Genova, Italy. (26)Academic MS Center Zuyd, Department of Neurology, Zuyderland Medical Center,  Sittard-Geleen, The Netherlands. (27)Bakirkoy Education and Research Hospital for Psychiatric and Neurological  Diseases, Istanbul, Turkey. (28)Department of Neurology, University Hospital and University of Basel, Basel,  Switzerland. (29)Department of Neurology, Galdakao-Usansolo University Hospital,  Osakidetza-Basque Health Service, Galdakao, Spain. (30)Azienda Ospedaliera di Rilievo Nazionale San Giuseppe Moscati Avellino,  Avellino, Italy. (31)Faculty of Medicine, University of Debrecen, Debrecen, Hungary. (32)Noorderhart Hospitals, Rehabilitation & MS University MS Centre,  Hasselt-Pelt, Belgium. (33)Nemocnice Jihlava, Jihlava, Czechia. (34)CSSS Saint-Jérôme, Saint-Jerome, QC, Canada. (35)Nehme and Therese Tohme Multiple Sclerosis Center, American University of  Beirut Medical Center, Beirut, Lebanon. (36)Department of Neurology, Cliniques Universitaires Saint-Luc, Brussels,  Belgium. (37)Department of Medicine, School of Clinical Sciences, Monash University,  Clayton, VIC, Australia. (38)Centro Sclerosi Multipla, UOC Neurologia, Azienda Opsedaliera per  l'Emergenza Cannizzaro, Catania, Italy. (39)Department of Neurology, Jacobs MS Center for Treatment and Research, New  York, NY, USA. (40)Department of Neurology, Universitary Hospital Ghent, Ghent, Belgium. (41)Department of Neurology, Royal Brisbane Hospital, Brisbane, QLD, Australia. (42)Service of Neurology, Center of Neuroimmunology, Hospital Clinic de  Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (43)Department of Neurology, School of Medicine and Koc University Research  Center for Translational Medicine (KUTTAM), Koc University, Istanbul, Turkey. (44)College of Medicine & Health Sciences, Sultan Qaboos University, Al-Khodh,  Oman. (45)Department of Neurology, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, NSW, Australia. (46)Department of Neurology, The Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, VIC, Australia. (47)Groene Hart Ziekenhuis, Gouda, The Netherlands. (48)Jahn Ferenc Teaching Hospital, Budapest, Hungary. (49)Royal Hobart Hospital, Hobart, TAS, Australia. (50)Neurology Department, King Fahad Specialist Hospital-Dammam, Dammam, Saudi  Arabia. (51)Department of Neurology and Stroke, BAZ County Hospital, Miskolc, Hungary. (52)Department of Neurology, University of Szeged, Szeged, Hungary. (53)South Eastern HSC Trust, Belfast, UK. (54)AZ Alma Ziekenhuis, Damme, Belgium. (55)Perron Institute for Neurological and Translational Science, Sir Charles  Gairdner Hospital, The University of Western Australia, Perth, WA, Australia. (56)Perron Institute, QEII Medical Centre, University of Western Australia,  Nedlands, WA, Australia. (57)Perron Institute for Neurological and Translational Science, The University  of Western Australia, Perth, WA, Australia. (58)Christchurch Hospital, Christchurch, New Zealand. (59)Neurology Unit, Hospital General Universitario de Alicante, Alicante, Spain. (60)University of Medicine and Pharmacy Victor Babes Timisoara, Timisoara,  Romania. (61)St Vincents Hospital Fitzroy, Melbourne, VIC, Australia. (62)Bombay Hospital Institute of Medical Sciences, Mumbai, India. (63)Neurosciences Department, Mater Dei Hospital, Birkirkara, Malta. (64)Department of Neurology, Concord Repatriation General Hospital, Sydney, NSW,  Australia. (65)Translational Neuroimmunology Group, Kids Neuroscience Centre and Brain and  Mind Centre, Faculty of Medicine and Health, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW,  Australia. (66)Department of Clinical Neurosciences, Division of Neurology, Unit of  Neuroimmunology, Geneva University Hospitals and Faculty of Medicine, Geneva,  Switzerland. (67)Clinical Neurosciences Department, 'Carol Davila' University of Medicine and  Pharmacy, Bucharest, Romania. (68)Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast, UK. (69)Hospital Universitario Donostia and IIS Biodonostia, San Sebastián, Spain. (70)STADIUS, ESAT, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium. Yves.Moreau@esat.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: R.J. is a consultant for  AstraZeneca, Seqirus, Dynavax, receives an editorial stipend from Elsevier and  Pediatric Infectious Diseases Society and royalties from Up To Date/Wolters  Kluwer.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: I.L. and H.M. are employees  of Phase Genomics, a company that provides Hi-C services and products.
The Individual Recovery Outcomes Counter (I.ROC) is a recovery orientated  measure, originating from Scotland, which is increasingly used in Dutch mental  health care.
Author information: (1)Academy for Engineering and Technology, Fudan University, Shanghai, China  (X.L., D.G.).
INTRODUCTION: Children with upper limb loss or difference (ULLD) require  individualised and developmentally appropriate clinical care. To guide this  specialised care, outcome measures can be used to assess important constructs,  such as physical function, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and  satisfaction with medical treatments and services. However, there is limited  research available on which outcome measures are used to assess these constructs  and whether they have been psychometrically assessed in children with ULLD who  may or may not use a prosthesis. Thus, the purpose of this scoping review is (1)  to determine which outcome measures are used to assess physical function, HRQoL  and satisfaction in paediatric patients with ULLD and (2) to identify articles  that include children with ULLD in psychometric assessments of these outcome  measures. Findings of these studies will be reported. This review will inform  healthcare professionals on which outcome measures assessing function, HRQoL and  satisfaction have been psychometrically tested for use in children with ULLD. It  will also inform future research on outcome measurement in this population. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A two-phase scoping review will be conducted in which  PubMed, Web of Science and CINAHL will be searched: first, to identify which  outcome measures are used to assess physical function, HRQoL and satisfaction in  children with ULLD and, second, to determine whether those measures have been  psychometrically assessed for use in this population. Teams of two reviewers  will review articles for eligibility and extract information from eligible  articles. Tie-breaking will be conducted by a third reviewer. Narrative  summaries will be used to describe the findings of this scoping review. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: No ethical approval is needed. The results of the  review will be submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal and  presented at relevant conferences. REGISTRATION: The scoping review that applies this protocol has been registered  on Open Science Framework (https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/7UGWB).
Advances in PET radiopharmaceutical technologies necessitate continued dialogue  between members of the PET drug manufacturing community and the U.S. Food and  Drug Administration (FDA) to ensure that these drugs continue to be safe and  effective and are sustainably supplied in accordance with regulatory commitments  and current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations.
Copyright © 2025 Tuberculosis Association of India. Published by Elsevier B.V.  All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Biology, Faculty of Modern Sciences and Technologies, ACECR  Institute of Higher Education (Isfahan Branch) Isfahan, P.O. Box 84175-443,  Iran; Department of Animal Biotechnology, Cell Science Research Center, Royan  Institute for Biotechnology, ACECR, Isfahan, P.O. Box 81593-58686, Iran.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure statement All funding received by  COPSAC is listed on www.copsac.com. The Lundbeck Foundation (grant R16-A1694),  the Danish Ministry of Health (grant 903516), the Danish Council for Strategic  Research (grant 0603-00280B), and the Capital Region Research Foundation have  provided core support to the COPSAC research center. K. Bønnelykke was supported  by grants from the Lundbeck Foundation (grant R163-2013-16235) and the Novo  Nordisk Foundation (grant NNF18OC0031764). In addition, C-E.T. Pedersen was  funded by the Lundbeck Foundation (grant R322-2019-2735).
Purpose. Kidney stones, a prevalent urological condition, associated with acute  pain requires prompt and precise diagnosis for optimal therapeutic intervention.  While computed tomography (CT) imaging remains the definitive diagnostic  modality, manual interpretation of these images is a labor-intensive and  error-prone process. This research endeavors to introduce Artificial  Intelligence based methodology for automated detection and classification of  renal calculi within the CT images.Method: To identify the CT images with kidney  stones, a comprehensive exploration of various ML and DL architectures, along  with rigorous experimentation with diverse hyperparameters, was undertaken to  refine the model's performance.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests K.H.K.
Author information: (1)Velindre Cancer Centre, Cardiff, CF14 2TL, UK; Division of Cancer and  Genetics, School of Medicine, College of Biomedical Life Sciences, Cardiff  University, Cardiff, UK. Electronic address: john.staffurth@wales.nhs.uk. (2)Wales Research and Diagnostic Positron Emission Tomography Imaging Centre  (PETIC), School of Medicine, College of Biomedical Life Sciences, Cardiff  University, Cardiff CF14 4XN, UK. Electronic address:  Saptarshi.Mukherjee@wales.
BACKGROUND: Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus (CCHFV), a zoonotic agent in  the Nairoviridae family (genus Orthonairovirus), is a high-priority pathogen.  CCHFV infection causes Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever (CCHF), a human disease  with case fatality rates of up to 40%. Serological surveillance of CCHFV in  animals and humans is crucial for ecological studies and public health. METHODS: We developed CCHFV mix-and-read assays utilizing split-NanoLuc  technology (NanoBiT) to detect anti-CCHFV antibodies against the nucleoprotein  (NP) stalk region and the GP38 glycoprotein. These species- and isotype-agnostic  assays provide results in ∼30 min. Using serum samples from RT-PCR-confirmed  CCHF cases collected during and after hospitalization, we investigated anti-NP  and anti-GP38 antibody development. The performance of the mix-and-read assays  was compared to the NP-based IDScreen® CCHF commercial assay using human sera,  and cross-reactivity potential was evaluated using a diverse panel of  anti-orthonairovirus antisera raised in mice. FINDINGS: In human convalescent cases (n = 21), mix-and-read assay concordance  between anti-GP38 and anti-NP antibody detection was 100%. Both mix-and-read  assays and IDScreen® CCHF demonstrated identical sensitivity of 95.2% in  convalescent patients. The specificity of the NP assay was 98.9%, and that of  GP38 was 99.7%, both comparable to IDScreen® CCHF (specificity: 99.7%).  Cross-reactivity against CCHF NP and GP38, regardless of assay type, was  primarily observed in antisera raised against other orthonairoviruses within the  Nairobi sheep disease genogroup. INTERPRETATION: The simplicity and robust performance of the CCHFV mix-and-read  assays make them ideal tools for supporting serological surveillance in humans  and animals. Furthermore, the inclusion of the GP38 antigen alongside NP  enhances the precise identification of retrospective CCHF cases, further  strengthening broad surveillance efforts. FUNDING: CDC Emerging Infectious Disease Research Core Funds, funding for  reagent, CDC personal, travel. Defence Threat Reduction Agency (HDTRA12210007):  E.K. salary.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests E.K. was supported by  the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) fellowship.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)TU Dresden University of Technology, NCT/UCC Early Clinical Trial Unit,  Dresden, Germany. (2)Department of Medical Oncology, Hospital Clínico Universitario, INCLIVA  Biomedical Research Institute, University of Valencia, Valencia, Spain. (3)Department of Experimental Therapeutics, National Cancer Center Hospital  East, Kashiwa, Japan. (4)Department of Oncology, Vall d'Hebron University Hospital, Vall d'Hebron  Institute of Oncology, Barcelona, Spain. (5)Department of Oncology, Clínica Universidad de Navarra, Pamplona, Spain. (6)Department of Hematology and Medical Oncology, Winship Cancer Institute of  Emory University, Atlanta, GA. (7)Interdisciplinary Study Center with ECTU, Medical Clinic and Polyclinic II of  the University Hospital, Würzburg, Germany. (8)Department of Medical Oncology, Hospital del Mar-CIBERONC (Centro de  Investigación Biomédica en Red de Oncología), Cancer Research Program, IMIM  (Institut Hospital del Mar d'Investigacions Mèdiques), Barcelona, Spain. (9)Center for Integrated Oncology, University Hospital of Cologne, Cologne,  Germany. (10)Division of Hematology/Oncology, UPMC Hillman Cancer Center, Pittsburgh, PA. (11)Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG, Biberach an der Riß, Germany. (12)Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, Ingelheim am Rhein, Germany. (13)Boehringer Ingelheim France S.A.S.
Author information: (1)University of Barcelona. (2)Puig S.A., Barcelona, Spain.
Author information: (1)TEDA School of Biological Sciences and Biotechnology, Nankai University,  Tianjin 300457, P. R. China. (2)Nankai International Advanced Research Institute (Shenzhen Futian), Nankai  University, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518045, P. R. China. (3)School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University  Belfast, Belfast BT7 1NN, U.K. (4)Department of Biomedical Science, Advanced Medical and Dental Institute,  Universiti Sains Malaysia, Bertam, 13200 Kepala Batas, Pulau Pinang Malaysia.
Synthetic biology enabled the systematic engineering of bacteria for diverse  applications, but their deployment in open environments raises concerns about  their persistence and unintended ecological impacts. To address these  challenges, genetic "expiry-date" circuits were designed to impose a tunable  lifespan on bacteria. These circuits, structured as a feedforward activation  network, regulate the timing of cell death by controlling the expression of  Lysis E, enabling a programmed lifespan ranging from hours to days. The lifespan  can be tailored by modifying the number of activation steps in the cascade. The  circuits were optimized by reducing gene expression leakiness of Lysis E using a  synthetic small regulatory RNA and combining it with an asd-based auxotrophic  system. The bacteria harboring the "expiry-date" circuits resulted in a GMO  escape rate below U.S. NIH release standards (<10-10).
Sickle cell disease is a genetically inherited blood disorder that manifests  early in life with resultant significant health complications. Globally, nearly  three quarters of all affected babies are in sub-Saharan Africa. Early  identification of babies with sickle cell disease through newborn screening  followed by early linkage to care is recommended. However, the program has not  been widely adopted in the sub-Saharan Africa. The Kenyan ministry of health, in  2020, published a policy on newborn screening for sickle cell disease from  levels 2-6 healthcare facilities. However, evidence on acceptability of newborn  screening to scale up newborn screening program is scarce. Few studies have been  conducted across the sub-Saharan Africa to assess the acceptability of newborn  screening for sickle cell disease with conflicting results. This study assessed  factors associated with acceptability of newborn screening among mothers of  newborns delivered at Homa bay county teaching and referral hospital, western  Kenya. This study employed a cross-sectional design among postnatal mothers at  Homa bay county teaching and referral hospital with 399 postnatal mothers  enrolled into the study. After obtaining informed consent from the postnatal  mothers, a semi-structured questionnaire was used for data collection. Maternal  sociodemographic characteristics, knowledge, and perception were assessed.  Babies were also screened for sickle cell disease using Sickle SCAN  point-of-care test. The acceptability was calculated as percentage of mothers  accepting to have their babies screened. Data were analyzed using logistic  regression to explore factors associated with acceptability of newborn screening  for sickle cell disease. Ninety-four percent of mothers accepted newborn  screening for sickle cell disease. Only maternal age and occupation were  significantly associated with acceptability of newborn screening for sickle cell  disease. Mothers aged 25-34 years were 3 times less likely to accept newborn  screening for sickle cell disease than those younger mothers than 25 years  (OR=0.33;95%CI = 0.13-0.86; p = 0.024).Similarly, mothers in the formal  employment were 6 times less likely to accept newborn screening for sickle cell  disease than those who were students (OR= 0.
Author information: (1)Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Granada,  Granada, Spain. (2)Institute of Neuroscience, Biomedical Research Center, University of Granada,  Granada, Spain. (3)Biosanitary Research Institute ibs.GRANADA, Granada, Spain.
Author information: (1)From the Department of Radiology, Boston Medical Center, 820 Harrison Ave,  Boston, MA 02118, and Boston University Chobanian & Avedisian School of  Medicine, Boston, Mass (S.E.A.
Conflict of interest statement: P.J.S.
Author information: (1)Department of Biological Sciences, University of Maryland Baltimore County. (2)Division of Nonclinical Science, Center for Tobacco Products, U.S. Food and  Drug Administration.
Background & AimsLiver cirrhosis is characterized by chronic inflammation and  fibrosis, with Th17 cells playing a crucial role in its progression. Recent  evidence suggests that dietary salt influences immune diseases by modulating  Th17 differentiation. This study assessed the impact of dietary salt on  Th17-driven inflammation in patients with compensated cirrhosis and explored its  effects on liver injury in mouse models.MethodsA non-drug, open-label,  non-randomized study involved 37 patients with compensated cirrhosis, who were  given personalized guidelines to reduce salt intake over three months.
While somatic variants are well-characterized drivers of tumor evolution, their  influence on cellular fitness in nonmalignant contexts remains understudied. We  identified a mosaic synonymous variant (m.7076A > G) in the mitochondrial DNA  (mtDNA)-encoded cytochrome c-oxidase subunit 1 (MT-CO1, p.Gly391=), present at  homoplasmy in 47% of immune cells from a healthy donor.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:A.T.S.
Author information: (1)Division of Endocrinology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston,  Massachusetts. (2)Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts. (3)Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, Illinois. (4)Indus Consulting, Inc, Chicago, Illinois. (5)The University of Iowa College of Public Health, Iowa City. (6)Humana Healthcare Research, Inc, Louisville, Kentucky. (7)Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Ohio. (8)Baylor Scott and White Research Institute, Dallas, Texas. (9)Carelon Research, Wilmington, Delaware. (10)Medical Outcomes Management, Inc, Sharon, Massachusetts. (11)CAUSALab, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations’. Conflict of interest: T.T. and  R.I. received grants from Canon Medical Systems.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures: V.R. Juneja reported personal fees  from BioNTech US, Inc.
Many enveloped viruses enter cells via fusion with the endosomal membrane,  raising the question whether entry through the endosomal route confers a fitness  advantage over fusion directly at the plasma membrane. We found that influenza A  virus fusion at the plasma membrane of A549 cells resulted in a 4.5-fold  reduction in productive cell infection, compared to infection through the  physiological endosomal route. We hypothesized that this was partially explained  by restrictive and permissive membrane factors at the plasma and endosomal  membrane, respectively. To test this, we developed a single-viral content mixing  assay with plasma membrane vesicles (PMVs), where a fluorescent content marker  was loaded into purified PMVs at a quenched concentration, through  freeze-thawing. We show that influenza fusion with the plasma membrane is  sixfold less efficient than with liposomes containing the endosome-enriched  phospholipid BMP. Incorporating BMP into the PMVs with pre-loaded  methyl-α-cyclodextrin (MαCD) did not rescue full fusion, suggesting that the  lack of BMP in the plasma membrane is not sufficient to explain decreased fusion  with the plasma membrane. Depletion of cholesterol from PMVs enhanced lipid  mixing rates and reduced membrane order. Lastly, modest depletion of cholesterol  from A549 lung epithelial cells rescued influenza infection through fusion at  the plasma membrane by 2.4-fold. We propose that for the endosome-adapted  influenza virus, fusion directly at the plasma membrane is restricted by the  liquid-ordered-like nature of the plasma membrane, raising the question whether  the plasma membrane is broadly less permissive to endosome-adapted  viruses.IMPORTANCEInfluenza virus normally enters cells via endosomes, yet it  has been known for decades that acidic conditions can force it to enter via the  plasma membrane.
Author information: (1)Nanoengineered Systems Laboratory, UCL Mechanical Engineering, University  College London, London WC1E 7JE, U.K. (2)UCL Hawkes Institute, University College London, London W1W 7TS, U.K. (3)Department of Physics, King's College London, London WC2R 2LS, U.K. (4)Division of Critical Care, University College London Hospitals, London NW1  2BU, U.K. (5)NIHR University College London Hospitals Biomedical Research Centre, London  NW1 2BU, U.K. (6)Manufacturing Futures Laboratory, University College London, London E20 2AE,  U.
Author information: (1)Allergy Unit, Azienda Sanitaria Della Romagna, Rimini, Italy. (2)Chest and Allergy Clinic, Imperial College Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust,  London, UK. (3)Département de Dermatologie et Allergologie, Sorbonne Université, INSERM,  Institut Pierre Louis d'Epidémiologie et de Santé Publique, AP-HP, Sorbonne  Université, Hôpital Tenon, Paris, France. (4)Division of Allergy and Immunology, Department of Chest Diseases, Faculty of  Medicine, Ankara University, Ankara, Turkey. (5)Dermatology and Allergy Interdivisional Service, Ospedale Civile Vito Fazzi,  Lecce, Italy. (6)Department of Emergency and Organ Transplantation, School of Allergology and  Clinical Immunology, University of Bari Aldo Moro, Bari, Italy. (7)Allergy Unit and Research Group, Hospital Regional Universitario de Málaga,  Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga y Plataforma en  Nanomedicina-IBIMA Plataforma BIONAND, ARADyAL, Málaga, Spain. (8)Institute of Biomedical Sciences and Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty  of Medicine, Vilnius, Lithuania. (9)Institute of Clinical Medicine, Vilnius University Hospital Santariskiu  Klinikos, Innovative Allergology Center, Vilnius, Lithuania. (10)Allergy Unit, Allergo-Anaesthesia Unit, Faculty of Medicine, Hospital  Central de la Cruz Roja, Alfonso X El Sabio University, ARADyAL, REI, Madrid,  Spain. (11)Medicine Department, Medicine Ward Mantova Hospital, ASST di Mantova,  Mantova, Italy. (12)Oasi Research Institute-IRCCS, Troina, Italy. (13)BIOS S.p.A. Società Benefit, Rome, Italy.
Author information: (1)Research Unit of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Department of Gynaecology and  Obstetrics, Institute of Clinical Research, University of Southern Denmark,  Odense C, Denmark. (2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Sygehus Sønderjylland, Aabenraa,  Denmark. (3)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, University of Granada,  Granada, Spain. (4)Consortium for Biomedical Research in Epidemiology and Public Health  (CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain. (5)Instituto de Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada (ibs.GRANADA), Granada,  Spain.
ObjectiveThe aim of this convenience sampling study was to analyze incidents and  accidents occurring in the context of canyoning so as to understand their  causes, resulting injuries, and severity.MethodsThe sample consisted of 179  individuals (104 males, 75 females, age 35±9 y) who experienced an incident or  accident while practicing canyoning and voluntarily participated in this  convenience sampling study.
Conflict of interest statement: Benjamin Bay is supported by a grant from the  German Heart Foundation (grant number S/06/23). George Dangas received research  grants to institution and support for attending meetings from Daiichi Sankyo.  Roxana Mehran reports institutional research payments from Abbott, Abiomed,  Affluent Medical, Alleviant Medical, Amgen, AM-Pharma, Arena, AstraZeneca,  AtriCure Inc., Biosensors, Biotronik, Boston Scientific, Bristol-Myers Squibb,  CardiaWave, CeloNova, CERC, Chiesi, Concept Medical, Cytosorbents, Daiichi  Sankyo, Duke, Element Science, Essential Medical, Faraday, Idorsia  Pharmaceuticals, Janssen, MedAlliance, Mediasphere, Medtelligence, Medtronic,  MJH Healthcare, Novartis, OrbusNeich, Penumbra, PhaseBio, Philips, Pi-Cardia,  PLx Pharma, Population Health Research Institute, Protembis, RecCor Medical  Inc., RenalPro, RM Global, Sanofi, Shockwave, and Vivasure, Zoll; personal fees  from Affluent Medical, Cardiovascular Research Foundation (CRF), Cordis, Daiichi  Sankyo Brasil, E.R. Squibb & Sons, Esperion Science/Innovative Biopharma, Europa  Group/Boston Scientific, Gaffney Events, Educational Trust, Henry Ford Health  Cardiology, Ionis Pharmaceuticals, MedCon International, Novartis, NovoNordisk,  PeerView Institute for Medical Education, TERUMO Europe N.V., Vectura, VoxMedia,  WebMD, IQVIA, Radcliffe, and TARSUS Cardiology; no fees from AMA (Scientific  Advisory Board), SCAI (Women in Innovations Committee Member); Faculty CRF;  Honorarium: JAMA Cardiology (Associate Editor), ACC (BOT Member, SC Member CTR  Program); and equity < 1% in Applied Therapeutics, Elixir Medical, Stel, and  ControlRad (spouse).
Conflict of interest statement: A.C.G.
Author information: (1)Department of Animal Science & Technology and BET Research Institute,  Chung-Ang University, Anseong, Gyeonggi-do, 17546, Republic of Korea. (2)Central Research Laboratory, K S Hegde Medical Academy, NITTE (Deemed to be  University), Deralakatte, Mangaluru, 575018, Karnataka, India. (3)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology  Hyderabad, Sangareddy, Telangana, 502285, India. (4)Department of Chemistry, College of Natural Science, Wollo University, P.O.  Box 1145, Dessie, 1000, Ethiopia.
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict  of interest.The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Clin Ophthalmol. 2025 Jul 18;19:2383-2391. doi: 10.2147/OPTH.S526195.
Int J Nanomedicine. 2025 Jul 19;20:9179-9194. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S524558.
Conflict of interest statement: T.C. and P.S. are inventors of patent  application WO2022/243541 “Molecular signature for assessing the responsiveness  of cancer to mitochondria-targeted antioxidants”.
BACKGROUND: Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) ligand PET/CT has  significantly improved prostate cancer (PCa) imaging. However, in patients with  poorly differentiated PCa or neuroendocrine transdifferentiation,  [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose ([18F]FDG) PET/CT may provide additional diagnostic  information. This systematic review evaluates the diagnostic value of combining  [18F]FDG PET/CT with PSMA ligand PET/CT in PCa patients. METHODS: A systematic literature search of studies assessing the added  diagnostic value of dual-tracer [18F]FDG and PSMA ligands PET/CT in PCa patients  was conducted using PubMed/MEDLINE and Cochrane Library databases and available  information was summarized. RESULTS: Fourteen studies (n = 901 patients) met the inclusion criteria. The  dual-tracer approach identified [18F]FDG-positive/PSMA-negative (FDG+/PSMA-)  lesions in a subset of patients, particularly those with Gleason Score (GS) ≥ 9.  However, in patients with GS < 8, [18F]FDG PET/CT did not significantly improve  lesion detection over PSMA ligand PET/CT alone.The presence of FDG+/PSMA-  lesions correlated with aggressive tumor biology, increased risk of metastases,  and worse prognosis.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Data Science, Geisel School of Medicine at  Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH 03756 USA. (2)The Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice, Geisel  School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH 03756 USA. (3)Department of Computer Science, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH 03755 USA. (4)Department of Health Policy and Management, Harvard T.H. Chan School of  Public Health, Boston, MA 02115 USA.
Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2025 Jul 19;20:2549-2560. doi:  10.2147/COPD.S529171.
Author information: (1)National Engineering Research Center for Biomaterials, Sichuan University,  Chengdu, Sichuan 610064, P.R. China.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: E.P.V.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: E.R. is a  consultant/advisory board member at Corsano Health B.V. for which he receives  personal fees and non-financial support.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: H.A.K.H. received modest  lecture honorary and/or advisory fee from AstraZeneca, Abbott, Cardiomatics,  Medtronic, Zoll and a travel and fellowship grant from Boston Scientific and  Abbott.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: A.M.L.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: A.K. and R.K. are the  coinventors of U.S. Provisional Patent Application No.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: C.A. has a leadership role  in British Atherosclerosis Society, and has received honoraria/consulting fees  from Amarin, Covance, Silence Therapeutics, AMGEN, Abcentra, Nodthera, Novartis,  and Eli Lilly, while he has received research grant from Sanofi, Novo Nordisk,  AstraZeneca, and Lexicon.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: R.K. is an Associate  Editor of JAMA and is a co-founder of Ensight-AI.
Author information: (1)Genomics Division, Instituto Tecnológico y de Energías Renovables (ITER),  Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain. (2)Research Unit, Hospital Universitario Nuestra Señora de Candelaria, Instituto  de Investigación Sanitaria de Canarias, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain. (3)CIBER de Enfermedades Respiratorias, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Madrid,  Spain. (4)Preventive Medicine and Public Health Area, Universidad de La Laguna, San  Cristóbal de La Laguna, Spain. (5)Institute of Biomedical Technologies, Universidad de La Laguna, San Cristóbal  de La Laguna, Spain. (6)Department of Research and Development in Molecular Diagnostic, Vircell S.L.,  Granada, Spain.
Author information: (1)Mackenzie Wearables Research Hub, Charles Perkins Centre (W.B., M.N.A.
BackgroundEsthesioneuroblastomas (ENBs) are rare, aggressive tumors arising from  the olfactory neuroepithelium in the superior nasal tract. Current treatment  strategies typically involve a combination of surgery and radiation, with  systemic chemotherapy considered on a case-by-case basis. However, the role of  intra-arterial (IA) therapies for ENBs remains underexplored. In this report, we  present an illustrative case from our center and a systematic literature review  compiling an overview of similar cases.MethodsThe case of an elderly man with  recurrent ENB treated with IA carboplatin is described.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests E.A.C.
Letters from a former U.S. Justice Department prosecutor raise concern.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All animal experiments were approved by the Ethical Committee for  Animal Experiments of the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (licenses 15–220-3 and  19–220-8). Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: B.D. is  employed at Genentech Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The genomic sequencing study used in our acute myeloid leukemia  analysis was approved by the Institutional Review Board/Privacy Board-B of  Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (Protocol #17-549) on November 4, 2017.  Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing interests: D.P. is on the  scientific advisory board of Insitro.
Author information: (1)Microbiology, Immunology and Pathology Department, Faculty of Medicine and  Health Sciences, An-Najah National University, Nablus, Palestine. (2)Public Health Department, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, An- Najah  National University, P.O.Box 7, Nablus, West Bank, Palestine.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinicopathological characteristics and key  diagnostic/therapeutic features of primary well-differentiated neuroendocrine  tumors (WDNET) of the kidney. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 4 primary renal WDNET patients, including  clinical features, pathological findings (Macroscopic and microscopic),  immunophenotype, treatment, and outcomes. RESULTS: All 4 patients were female (mean age: 55 ± 7.83 years), One patient  occasionally experienced mild low back pain, one presented with "palpitations  and fatigue," and the remaining two were incidentally found to have renal masses  during abdominal ultrasound or CT examination.Macroscopic findings: Mean tumor  diameter 6.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: This retrospective study was approved by the Biomedical Research  Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Zunyi Medical University(approval  number: KLL-2024-519). Due to the retrospective nature of this study, the ethics  committee of the hospital waived the informed consent of the patients and  confirmed compliance with the Declaration of Helsinki and the confidentiality of  the patient data. Consent for publication: Due to the retrospective nature of  this study, the Biomedical Research Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital  of Zunyi Medical University waived the requirement for informed patient consent  and confirmed compliance with the Declaration of Helsinki, while ensuring the  confidentiality of patient data.The study contains no personally identifiable  patient information.All authors reviewed and consented to publication.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.v.d.W. has received  unrestricted research grants from Biogen, Merck and Novartis; and has served on  advisory boards for Biogen, Merck, Novartis and Roche, and received speaker’s  honoraria and travel support from these companies.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Neuroscience, Radboud University Medical Center,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. etrevino@lin-magdeburg.de. (2)Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. etrevino@lin-magdeburg.de. (3)Functional Architecture of Memory Department, Leibniz Institute for  Neurobiology, Magdeburg, Germany. etrevino@lin-magdeburg.de. (4)Department of Medical Neuroscience, Radboud University Medical Center,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. (5)Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. (6)Department of Psychobiology, School of Psychology, National University of  Distance Learning (UNED), Madrid, Spain. (7)Department of Anesthesiology, University Hospital, Ludwig-Maximilians  University, Munich, Germany. (8)Department of Neurobiology and Behavior, Center for the Neurobiology of  Learning and Memory, University of California, Irvine, CA, USA. (9)Conway Institute for Biomolecular and Biomedical Research, School of  Medicine, University College Dublin, Belfield, Ireland. (10)Center for Scientific Review, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD,  USA. (11)Department of Medical Neuroscience, Radboud University Medical Center,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. Benno.Roozendaal@radboudumc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: B.J., J.J., R.Q., F.S., and  F.C. are employed by Kriba, the company developing the non-invasive device.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.H., S.P., M.F.A.
Author information: (1)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington School of Medicine,  Seattle, WA, USA. (2)Department of Genetics, Epigenetics Institute, Perelman School of Medicine,  University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (3)Core Unit Bioinformatics, Medical Faculty and University Hospital Düsseldorf,  Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (4)Center for Digital Medicine, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (5)The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT, USA. (6)Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC,  USA. (7)Center for Human Genetics, Clemson University, Greenwood, SC, USA. (8)Institute for Medical Biometry and Bioinformatics, Medical Faculty and  University Hospital Düsseldorf, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (9)Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric  Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. (10)Center for Genomic Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA,  USA. (11)Department of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA. (12)Medical University of South Carolina, College of Graduate Studies,  Charleston, SC, USA. (13)Department of Quantitative and Computational Biology, University of Southern  California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. (14)Pathos AI Inc., Chicago, IL, USA. (15)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hospital Hygiene, Medical Faculty,  Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf, Germany. (16)European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Wellcome Genome Campus, European  Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge, UK. (17)Department of Genetics, University of Groningen, University Medical Center  Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands. (18)Oncode Institute, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (19)Division of Computational Genomics and Systems Genetics, German Cancer  Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany. (20)Department of Biomedical Informatics and Data Science, Yale School of  Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA. (21)Department of Biomedical Informatics and Data Science, Heersink School of  Medicine, University of Alabama, Birmingham, AL, USA. (22)Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine,  Baltimore, MD, USA. (23)Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New  Haven, CT, USA. (24)Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New  Haven, CT, USA. (25)Department of Structural Biology, School of Medicine, Stanford University,  Stanford, CA, USA. (26)Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL),  Heidelberg, Germany. (27)UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA,  USA. (28)Genome Informatics Section, Center for Genomics and Data Science Research,  National Human Genome Research Institute, National Institutes of Health,  Bethesda, MD, USA. (29)Department of Computer and Information Sciences, College of Science and  Technology, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (30)Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine, Temple University,  Philadelphia, PA, USA. (31)Department of Data Science, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA. (32)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA,  USA. (33)Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Colorado School of  Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA. (34)Department of Immunology and Microbiology, University of Colorado School of  Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA. (35)Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki,  Helsinki, Finland. (36)Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of  Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (37)Stanford Health Care, Palo Alto, CA, USA. (38)New York Genome Center, New York, NY, USA. (39)Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC,  USA. mkonkel@clemson.edu. (40)Center for Human Genetics, Clemson University, Greenwood, SC, USA.  mkonkel@clemson.edu. (41)Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL),  Heidelberg, Germany. jan.korbel@embl.org. (42)The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT, USA.  Charles.Lee@jax.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.E.E.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Z.D., J.N.J.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.B. has an equity interest  in Synbal and Agragene, companies that may potentially benefit from the research  results; and serves on the Board of Directors and Scientific Advisory Board for  the companies.
Author information: (1)Department of sports Injuries and Corrective Exercises, Faculty of Physical  Education and Sports Sciences, University of Guilan, Rasht, Iran. (2)Department of sports Injuries and Corrective Exercises, Faculty of Physical  Education and Sports Sciences, University of Guilan, Rasht, Iran.  sedaghati@guilan.ac.ir. (3)Department of Physical Education and Sports Sciences, Farhangian University,  P.O. Box 14665-889, Tehran, Iran.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethical approval: The research received ethical  approval from the Ethics Committee in Biomedical Research at Guilan University,  under identification number IR.GUILAN.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: M.T.B.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: K.A.M.
Author information: (1)Neurology Department, Bellvitge University Hospital, L'Hospitalet de  Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain; Adult Lysosomal Diseases Clinical Expertise Unit,  Bellvitge University Hospital, L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain;  Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL), L'Hospitalet de Llobregat,  Barcelona, Spain; Department of Morphological Sciences, School of Medicine,  Autonomous University of Barcelona, Bellaterra, Barcelona, Spain. Electronic  address: jordigneuro@bellvitgehospital.cat. (2)Neurology Department, Bellvitge University Hospital, L'Hospitalet de  Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain; Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL),  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (3)Neurology Department, Bellvitge University Hospital, L'Hospitalet de  Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain; Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL),  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain; Department of Clinical Psychology  and Psychobiology, Neurosciencies Institute, University of Barcelona, Barcelona,  Spain. (4)Severo Ochoa Molecular Biology Center (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain. (5)Pharmacology Unit, Department of Pathology and Experimental Therapeutics,  School of Medicine and Health Sciences, IDIBELL, University of Barcelona, Spain. (6)Pharmacy Department, Bellvitge University Hospital, L'Hospitalet de  Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (7)Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL), L'Hospitalet de Llobregat,  Barcelona, Spain; Nuclear Medicine-PET/CT Department (IDI), Bellvitge University  Hospital, L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (8)Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL), L'Hospitalet de Llobregat,  Barcelona, Spain; Neuroradiology Department, Bellvitge University Hospital,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (9)Bellvitge Biomedical Research Institute (IDIBELL), L'Hospitalet de Llobregat,  Barcelona, Spain; Radiology Department, Bellvitge University Hospital,  L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain. (10)Neurology Department, Donostia-Osakidetza University Hospital, San  Sebastian, Spain. (11)Neurology Department, Cruces University Hospital, Bilbao, Spain. (12)Neurology Department, A Coruña University Hospital Complex, A Coruña, Spain. (13)Neurology Department, Santa Lucía-Santa María Rosell University Hospital,  Cartagena, Spain. (14)Neurology Department, La Fe University and Polytechnical Hospital, Valencia,  Spain. (15)Neurology Department, Salamanca University Hospital, Salamanca, Spain. (16)Neurology and Clinical Neurophysiology Department, Seville Biomedical  Institute, Virgen del Rocio University Hospital/CSIC/University of Seville,  Seville, Spain. (17)Design and Biometrics Department, Medicxact, S.L., Alpedrete, Spain.
Author information: (1)Department of Internal Medicine 3-Rheumatology and Immunology,  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität (FAU) Erlangen-Nürnberg and Universitätsklinikum  Erlangen, Erlangen, Germany; Deutsches Zentrum für Immuntherapie (DZI), FAU  Erlangen-Nürnberg and Universitätsklinikum Erlangen, Erlangen, Germany. (2)Referral Center for Systemic Autoimmune Diseases, Fondazione IRCCS Ca' Granda  Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico di Milano, Milan, Italy. (3)Division of Rheumatology, Department of Medicine Solna, Karolinska  Institutet, Karolinska University Hospital, and Center for Molecular Medicine  (CMM), Stockholm, Sweden. (4)Laboratory of Autoimmunity and Inflammation, Center of Clinical, Experimental  Surgery and Translational Research, Biomedical Research Foundation Academy of  Athens, Athens, Greece; 4th Department of Internal Medicine, Attikon University  Hospital, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, Athens,  Greece. (5)Clinic for Rheumatology, Medical Faculty of Heinrich Heine University,  University Hospital Düsseldorf, Düsseldorf, Germany. (6)GENYO, Centre for Genomics and Oncological Research: Pfizer, University of  Granada/Andalusian Regional Government, Granada, Spain, Medical Genomics,  Granada, Spain; Department of Genetics, Faculty of Sciences, University of  Granada, Granada, of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm,  Sweden. (7)Rheumatology, Clinical Immunology and Allergy Department, Medical School  University of Crete, Heraklion, Greece; Laboratory of Autoimmunity-Inflammation,  Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Heraklion, Greece. (8)GENYO, Centre for Genomics and Oncological Research: Pfizer, University of  Granada/Andalusian Regional Government, Granada, Spain, Medical Genomics,  Granada, Spain; Department of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Institutet,  Stockholm, Sweden. (9)Department of Internal Medicine 5-Hematology and Clinical Oncology,  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität (FAU) Erlangen-Nürnberg and Universitätsklinikum  Erlangen, Erlangen, Germany. (10)Department of Internal Medicine 3-Rheumatology and Immunology,  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität (FAU) Erlangen-Nürnberg and Universitätsklinikum  Erlangen, Erlangen, Germany; Deutsches Zentrum für Immuntherapie (DZI), FAU  Erlangen-Nürnberg and Universitätsklinikum Erlangen, Erlangen, Germany; Division  of Rheumatology, Department of Medicine Solna, Karolinska Institutet, Karolinska  University Hospital, and Center for Molecular Medicine (CMM), Stockholm, Sweden.  Electronic address: Georg.Schett@uk-erlangen.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, University of California, San  Francisco, 505 Parnassus Ave, Box 0628, San Francisco, CA 94143-0628 (M.M.H.
Consumer involvement in the co-design of diabetes self-management smartphone  apps is vital. This scoping review explored how consumers are involved in the  co-design processes and methods and approaches guiding this research.Our review  was guided by Arksey and O'Malley's five-stage framework, PRISMA-ScR guidelines,  and Witteman and colleagues' 11-item user-centered design (UCD-11) framework.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The principal investigator  (SO) initiated the scientific research that led to the development of the Nemo  Fetal Monitoring System and the founding of Nemo Healthcare B.V. Since March  2024, he has served as a Scientific Advisor to Nemo Healthcare, the manufacturer  of the device used in this study.
Shrimp aquaculture is vital for global seafood production but is severely  threatened by diseases like Acute Hepatopancreatic Necrosis Disease (AHPND).  Understanding AHPND-mediated immunity in shrimp requires an integrated approach  drawing from various research contexts.This work described here include 1) the  pathogenicity of VPAHPND, PirAvp, PirBvp and PirABvp toxins, 2) the immune  responses of shrimp's main immune organs, the role of miRNAs in regulating  immune-related genes against VPAHPND, heat shock proteins and small GTPases in  combating VPAHPND, 3) current knowledge on shrimp response toward PirAvp,  PirBvp, and PirABvp Toxins, 4) knowledge of the virulence of different Vibrio  spps.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI, 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239, USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen  Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ, 85724-5050, USA.
Author information: (1)Geriatrics and Extended Care (J.M.), Durham VA Health System, Durham, North  Carolina; Department of Medicine (J.M., C.B.), Duke University School of  Medicine, Durham, North Carolina.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Medical and Health Sciences Research Center, Scientific Centers, An-Najah  National University, P.O. Box 7, Nablus, Palestine; Department of Pharmacy,  Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, An-Najah National University, Nablus,  Palestine.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The author(s)  declared the following potential conflicts of interest with respect to the  research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: Ludwig Kappos has  received no personal compensation for this work. His institutions (University  Hospital Basel/Foundation Clinical Neuroimmunology and Neuroscience Basel) have  received and used exclusively for research support payments for steering  committee, advisory board participation, consultancy services, expert testimony,  and participation in educational activities from the following organizations:  Bayer, Biogen, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celltrion Inc., Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals,  Zai Lab, Galapagos NV, Immunic AG, Clene Nanomedicine Inc., Df-mp Molina &  Pohlmann, Eli Lilly (Suisse) SA, EMD Serono Research and Development, Genentech,  Glaxo Smith Kline, Janssen, Japan Tobacco Inc., Merck Healthcare AG, Minoryx  Therapeutics S.L., Novartis, F.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Unidad de Protección de la Salud, Distrito Sanitario Granada-Metropolitano,  18013 Granada, Spain. (2)Department of Nursing, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Granada,  18071 Granada, Spain; Unidad Asistencial Alhama de Granada, Servicio Andaluz de  Salud, Alhama de Granada, 18120 Granada, Spain. (3)Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, Faculty of Medicine,  University of Granada, 18071 Granada, Spain; Consortium for Biomedical Research  in Epidemiology and Public Health (CIBERESP), 28029 Madrid, Spain; Instituto de  Investigación Biosanitaria de Granada (IBS.GRANADA), 18012 Granada, Spain.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the methodological and reporting quality of Clinical  Practice Guidelines (CPGs) for prenatal care from high-income countries (HIC) on  nutritional counselling. METHODS: Following registration in PROSPERO (CRD42023397756), searches in  PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar covered the last decade. CPGs  for prenatal care from HIC with nutritional counselling, without language  restriction, were selected. Data extraction and quality assessment were  independently conducted in duplicate, with discrepancies resolved by a third  reviewer. The methodological and reporting quality was evaluated in  institutional CPGs and professional societies using the AGREE II tool (score  range 22-161), while reporting quality was evaluated with RIGHT tool (score  range 0-35). RESULTS: A total of 2177 citations were screened, resulting in 18 CPGs  recommendations on nutritional counselling (published 2014-2024), primarily from  Europe (n=11, 61.1%) and the USA (n=2, 11.1%). High-quality CPGs were 6 (33.4%)  using AGREE II (Spain, Australia, UK-NICE, U.S.A.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Publicado por Elsevier España, S.L.U.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Centro de Investigaciones Endocrinológicas “Dr. César Bergadá” (CEDIE),  CONICET-FEI-División de Endocrinología, Hospital de Niños Ricardo Gutiérrez,  Gallo 1330, C1425EFD Buenos Aires; and Departamento de Histología, Biología  Celular, Embriología y Genética, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad de Buenos  Aires, C1121ABG Buenos Aires, Argentina (2)Centre de Recherche Saint-Antoine (CRSA), INSERM UMR_S938, Sorbonne  Université, 75012 Paris, France (3)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (4)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (5)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (6)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (7)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (8)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (9)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
The chromosomal sex of the embryo is established at fertilization. However, 6  weeks elapse in humans before the first signs of sex differentiation are  noticed. Sex differentiation involves a series of events whereby the sexually  indifferent gonads and genitalia progressively acquire male or female  characteristics. Believed initially to be governed entirely by the presence or  absence of the SRY gene on the Y chromosome, gonadal differentiation has proven  to rely on a complex networks of genes, whose balanced expression levels either  activate the testis pathway and simultaneously repress the ovarian pathway or  vice versa. The presence or absence of primordial germ cells, of extragonadal  origin, also has a sexually dimorphic relevance. Subsequently, internal and  external genitalia will follow the male pathway in the presence of androgens and  anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH), or the female pathway in their absence. Here we  review the sexually undifferentiated stage of embryonic development, and the  anatomic, histologic, physiologic, and molecular aspects of the fetal sexual  differentiation of the gonads, the internal reproductive tract and the external  genitalia. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please  visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
BACKGROUND: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) was recently demonstrated to  improve throughout therapy for high-risk pediatric HL, however average scores  may not reflect individual differences. This study aimed to identify subgroups  of patients with similar HRQoL trajectories from pre- to post-therapy. METHODOLOGY: AHOD1331 trial participants aged 11-20 (n = 268 mean (SD) age 15.6  (1.9), 48% male) completed the Child Health Ratings Inventories-Global scale  (HRQoL) prior to treatment, after cycle 2, after cycle 5, and the end of  treatment. Group-based trajectory models (GBTM) identified latent clusters of  individuals with similar HRQoL patterns over time. Multivariable multinomial  logistic regression estimated the association between a priori defined  characteristics and membership in trajectory-based groups. Log-rank tests  examined differences in post-T4 progression-free survival (PFS) by trajectory  groups. RESULTS: GBTM identified three HRQoL groups: Group 1 (consistently unfavorable  [25.7%]), Group 2 (moderate-and-increasing [44.8%]), and Group 3 (consistently  favorable [29.5%]). Older age (OR[95%CI] 1.24[1.03, 1.50] p = .022), female sex  (2.48[1.23, 4.99] p = .011), and Hispanic ethnicity (2.31[0.97, 5.50] p = .059)  were associated with increased odds of membership in the Group 1 vs Group 3.  Older age (1.18[1.00, 1.39] p = .038) and B-symptoms (2.18[1.09, 4.33] p = .027)  were associated with increased odds of Group 2 membership vs Group 3. Group  membership was not associated with post-T4 PFS. CONCLUSIONS: A subgroup of high-risk pediatric HL patients experience  persistently poor HRQoL, starting at diagnosis and continuing through therapy.  Age, female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and B-symptoms were linked to worse HRQoL.  These findings can help identify patients at higher risk for poor HRQoL and  guide intervention. CLINICALTRIALS.GOV: NCT02166463.
BACKGROUND: While most research on Long COVID (LC) has focused on symptoms and  quality of life, there remains a critical need to better understand the effect  of LC on resource utilization. This study sought to determine the type and  amount of healthcare utilization among participants with versus without LC. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of a prospective, longitudinal,  multicenter U.S. study of adult participants with symptomatic COVID-19,  confirmed with testing, who completed 3-month post-infection surveys and had  electronic health record data for at least 180 days pre- and post-index testing.
Conflict of interest statement: We have read the journal’s policy and the  authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: This study  was funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as stated in the  Funding statement. In addition, we report the following additional funding: MG  has grant support through the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Biomedical  Advanced Research and Development Authority, and the Society for Academic  Emergency Medicine Foundation. NG has grant support through the National Center  for Complementary and Integrative Health, National Institute on Aging, Agency  for Healthcare Research and Quality, and University of Washington Royalty  Research Fund. ESS receives grant funding from the Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention (20042801-Sub01), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to  support projects within the Yale-Mayo Clinic Center of Excellence in Regulatory  Science and Innovation (CERSI, U01FD005938), the National Heart, Lung, and Blood  Institute (R01HL151240), and the Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute  (HM-2022C2-28354).
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. S. D. P., T. H.  B., D.R.T, and M.P.S.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, QU Health,  Qatar University, Doha P.O. Box 2713, Qatar.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Sciences,  University of Balamand, Al-Koura, Tripoli P.O. Box 100, Lebanon.
Author information: (1)Department of Applied Health Sciences, Centre for Patient Reported Outcomes  Research, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (2)Department of Applied Health Sciences, College of Medicine and Health,  University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (3)NIHR Blood and Transplant Research Unit (BTRU) in Precision Transplant and  Cellular Therapeutics, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (4)National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Birmingham Biomedical  Research Centre, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (5)National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Applied Research  Collaboration (ARC) West Midlands, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (6)Birmingham Health Partners Centre for Regulatory Science and Innovation,  University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. (7)University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust, Birmingham, UK. (8)University Hospitals Bristol and Weston NHS Foundation Trust, Bristol, UK. (9)Anthony Nolan, London, UK. (10)Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, Glasgow,  UK. (11)Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, Cardiff, UK. (12)Department of Applied Health Sciences, Centre for Patient Reported Outcomes  Research, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK. O.L.Aiyegbusi@bham.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Authorship Contributions: O.L.A.
Conflict of interest statement: HK H.R.K.
Nurs Educ Perspect. 2025 Sep-Oct 01;46(5):296-298. doi:  10.1097/01.NEP.
DOI: 10.1097/01.NEP.
Nurs Educ Perspect. 2025 Sep-Oct 01;46(5):305-307. doi:  10.1097/01.NEP.
DOI: 10.1097/01.NEP.
Nurs Educ Perspect. 2025 Sep-Oct 01;46(5):319-321. doi:  10.1097/01.NEP.
DOI: 10.1097/01.NEP.
Author information: (1)Mersey and West Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, St Helens, UK. (2)Manchester University, Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, Manchester,  UK. (3)Department of Medicine (Dermatology), St Vincent's Hospital Melbourne, the  University of Melbourne, Fitzroy, Victoria, Australia. (4)The Skin Health Institute, Carlton, Victoria, Australia. (5)Department of Dermatology, Box Hill Hospital, Eastern Health, Box Hill,  Victoria, Australia. (6)Hair Restoration Blackrock, Dublin, Ireland. (7)National and International Skin Registry Solutions (NISR), Charles Institute  of Dermatology, University College Dublin, Dublin, Ireland. (8)The Mater Misericordiae University Hospital, Dublin, Ireland. (9)Beachside Specialist Group, Noosa Heads, Australia. (10)Sinclair Dermatology, Melbourne, Australia. (11)Salford Royal Foundation Trust, Northern Care Alliance, Manchester, UK. (12)Trichology Unit, Hospital Regional da Asa Norte, Brasilia, Brazil. (13)Programa de Pós Graduação Em Ciências Médicas (PPGCM), Universidade de  Brasília (UnB), Brasilia, Brazil. (14)Trichology Clinic, Dermatology Department, Dr Manuel Gea Gonzalez General  Hospital, Mexico City, Mexico. (15)Cleveland Clinic Main Campus, Cleveland, Ohio, USA. (16)Institute of Human Genetics, University of Bonn, Medical Faculty &  University Hospital Bonn, Bonn, Germany. (17)Department of Dermatology, Venerology and Allergology, Clinical Research  Center for Hair and Skin Science, Charité-Universitaetsmedizin Berlin, Berlin,  Germany. (18)Howard University College of Medicine, Washington, DC, USA. (19)Callender Dermatology & Cosmetic Center, Glenn Dale, Maryland, USA. (20)Dermatology Department, Hospital Clinic de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (21)Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania, USA. (22)Yale Department of Dermatology, New Haven, Connecticut, USA. (23)Department of Dermatology, LTM Medical College & Hospital Sion, Mumbai,  India. (24)Chief Specialist and HOD Department of Dermatology, NRMSOM, UKZN, Durban,  South Africa. (25)Dean and Head School of Clinical Medicine, University of KwaZulu Natal,  Durban, South Africa. (26)Department of Dermatology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver,  British Columbia, Canada. (27)Donovan Hair Clinic, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. (28)Hair Treatment and Transplantation Center, Saint Petersburg, Russian  Federation. (29)Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals NHS Trust, Brighton, UK. (30)Scientific & Practical Center Dermatolovenereology and Cosmetology of the  Moscow City Health Department, Moscow, Russian Federation. (31)Institute of Beautiful Hairs, Moscow, Russia. (32)St.Vincent's Hospital, Skin Health Institute, Melbourne, Victoria,  Australia.
Conflict of interest statement: P.W. holds grants from the NIHR and has held  grants from Wellcome and Sensyne Health (now Arcturis Data).
Author information: (1)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Informatics, College of Medical Science and  Technology, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan. (2)International PhD Program for Translational Science, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (3)International Master Program for Translational Science, Taipei Medical  University, Taipei, Taiwan. (4)Center for Cell Therapy and Regeneration Medicine, Taipei Medical University,  Taipei, Taiwan. (5)TMU Research Center of Cancer Translational Medicine, Taipei, Taiwan. (6)The Ph.D. Program for Translational Medicine, College of Medical Science and  Technology, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Conflict of interest statement: Potential conflicts of interest. K.K. is a  member of the Editorial Board of the Sanford Guide, has consulted for Shionogi  and Regeneron, and has received clinical research grants from Regeneron, Astra  Zeneca, Pfizer, and the NIH.
BACKGROUND: Hypertension increases the risk for cognitive impairment and  promotes vascular and renal inflammation. We tested if immune cell infiltration  occurs in the brain during hypertension and if it is associated with cognitive  impairment. METHODS: Male C57Bl/6 mice were administered vehicle, angiotensin II  (0.7 mg/kg/d S.C.) or aldosterone (0.
INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus represents a significant public health  challenge, however, the current trends in its epidemiology remain incompletely  characterized. This study aimed to analyze epidemiological changes and  demographic patterns in diabetes incidence and prevalence across the United  States from 1990 to 2024. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing the TriNetX Global  Health Research Network, analyzing de-identified electronic health records from  52,922,301 patients across 92 U.S. healthcare organizations.
J Asthma Allergy. 2025 Jul 17;18:1119-1127. doi: 10.2147/JAA.S526389.
Author information: (1)Infectious and Tropical Diseases Department, Bichat-Claude Bernard Hospital,  Assistance Publique-Hôpitaux de Paris, Université Paris Cité, Paris, France. (2)Université Paris Cité, Inserm, IAME, Paris, France. (3)Department of Respiratory Medicine and Allergy, Aarhus University Hospital,  Aarhus, Denmark. (4)Department of Clinical Medicine, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark. (5)Division of Clinical Infectious Diseases, Research Center Borstel, Borstel,  Germany. (6)German Center for Infection Research (DZIF), Partner Site  Hamburg-Lübeck-Borstel-Riems, Borstel, Germany. (7)Respiratory Medicine and International Health, University of Lübeck, Lübeck,  Germany. (8)Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children Hospital, Global TB Program,  Houston, TX, USA. (9)Infectious Disease and Intensive Care Unit, Pontchaillou University Hospital,  Rennes, France. (10)Nicolae Testemitanu State University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Chisinau,  Republic of Moldova. (11)Chiril Draganiuc Pneumology Institute, Chisinau, Republic of Moldova. (12)Regional TB Reference Centre, Instituto Villa Marelli, ASST Grande Ospedale  Metropolitano Niguarda, Milan, Italy. (13)Department of Tuberculosis, Clinical Immunology and Allergy, National  Pirogov Memorial Medical University, Vinnytsia, Ukraine. (14)Institut d'Investigació Germans Trias i Pujol (IGTP), Barcelona, Spain. (15)National Center for Tuberculosis and Lung Diseases, Tbilisi, Georgia. (16)Department of Infectious Diseases and Clinical Immunology, V.N. Karazin  Kharkiv National University, Kharkiv, Ukraine.
Author information: (1)School of Biomedical Engineering, Colorado State University, USA. (2)Cell and Molecular Biology, Colorado State University, USA. (3)Department of Chemistry, Colorado State University, 301 W. Pitkin, Chemistry  Research Building, Fort Collins, Colorado, 80521, USA.  Melissa.Reynolds@colostate.
CONTEXT: Hypermobility of the lateral meniscus is a relatively uncommon  condition characterized by excessive, abnormal movement of the lateral meniscus  in the knee joint. This literature review and case report aims to provide  insights into the clinical presentation, diagnosis, and treatment options for  peripheral lateral meniscocapsular tears that result in excessive lateral  meniscal motion. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A narrative review of the literature and the clinical  expertise of the authors. STUDY DESIGN: Narrative overview. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level 5. RESULTS: A hypermobile lateral meniscus poses diagnostic challenges due to  overlapping symptoms with other knee pathologies. The anatomy of the  posterolateral meniscocapsular recess and popliteus hiatus can distort the  ability to accurately diagnose tears of the peripheral attachments of the  posterior horn of the lateral meniscus. In a primary care practice, recognition  of this condition in patients presenting with recurrent mechanical catching or  locking episodes, sometimes with a "normal" magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)  scan, is crucial to refer to orthopaedics in a timely manner to prevent further  damage. Arthroscopic meniscal repair can be an effective treatment option,  facilitating a safe return to sports after rehabilitation. CONCLUSION: A hypermobile lateral meniscus and peripheral meniscocapsular tears  of the lateral meniscus should be considered in the differential diagnosis of  knee pain with recurrent locking episodes, even with an "unremarkable" MRI scan.  Timely and accurate diagnosis and appropriate intervention, such as arthroscopic  meniscal repair, can lead to better quality of life. Further research is needed  to explore long-term outcomes and optimal management strategies for hypermobile  lateral meniscal tears.Strength-of-Recommendation Taxonomy (SORT):Level C.
Conflict of interest statement: The following author reported potential  conflicts of interest: M.J.M.
BackgroundThe thoracic spinal range of motion (ROM) is a commonly used in  pathological and functional assessment. Baseline bubble inclinometers are one of  the most frequently employed thoracic ROM measurement methods. However, there is  currently no consensus on the accuracy and standardized procedure of their  utilization.ObjectiveThe purpose of this study is to validate the accuracy of  baseline bubble inclinometers in measuring the sagittal thoracic spinal ROM and  to propose the standard guideline for their utilization.Method28 participants  were recruited for this study.
Author information: (1)Division of Neurosciences, Instituto Nacional de Rehabilitacion 'Luis  Guillermo Ibarra Ibarra', 14389, Mexico City, Mexico. (2)Department of Medical Systems, Instituto Nacional de Rehabilitacion 'Luis  Guillermo Ibarra Ibarra', 14389, Mexico City, Mexico. (3)I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University (Sechenov University),  Department of Radiology, 119992, Moscow, Russia.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: Not applicable. Consent for publication: Not applicable. Competing  interests: F.J.T.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Author S.M. has previously  acted as a paid consultant for Evolution Optiks but declares no non-financial  competing interests.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbial Infection and Immunity, The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. (2)Shandong Institute of Otolaryngology, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and  Neck Surgery, Shandong Provincial ENT Hospital, Shandong University, Jinan,  China. (3)College of Pharmacy, Medicinal Chemistry and Pharmacognosy, The Ohio State  University, Columbus, OH, USA. (4)Eppley Institute for Research in Cancer and Allied Diseases, University of  Nebraska Medical Center, Omaha, NE, USA. (5)Department of Physiology and Cell Biology, The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. (6)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina at  Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (7)Proteomics Core Facility, Department of Pharmacology, University of North  Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (8)Division of Signal Transduction, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and  Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (9)Department of Periodontics and Oral Medicine, University of Michigan School  of Dentistry, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (10)Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus,  OH, USA. (11)Center for Microbial Pathogenesis, Abigail Wexner Research Institute at  Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA. (12)Department of Immunology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis,  TN, USA. (13)Shandong Institute of Otolaryngology, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and  Neck Surgery, Shandong Provincial ENT Hospital, Shandong University, Jinan,  China. whboto11@163.com. (14)Department of Microbial Infection and Immunity, The Ohio State University,  Columbus, OH, USA. Haitao.Wen@osumc.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: V.S. and R.K. are  co-inventors of US pending patent applications WO2023230345A1, ‘Articles and  methods for format-independent detection of hidden cardiovascular disease from  printed electrocardiographic images using deep learning’, and 63/484,426,  ‘Biometric contrastive learning for data-efficient deep learning from  electrocardiographic images’, filed by Yale University.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: The authors  declare no competing interests. Ethics approval and consent to participate: The  study protocol, which involved the use of patient clinical data, was approved by  the Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) at An-Najah National University  (Pharm.Sep.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychology, University of Bath, Claverton Down, Bath, BA2 7AY,  UK. (2)School of Psychology, University of Galway, Galway, Ireland. (3)Centre for Neuroimaging, Cognition & Genomics, University of Galway, Galway,  Ireland. (4)Division of Psychiatry, University College London, London, UK. (5)Department of Statistical Science, University College London, London, UK. (6)Department of Public Health and Nursing, Norwegian University of Science and  Technology, Trondheim, Norway. (7)Department of Sociology, College of Liberal Arts, Purdue University, West  Lafayette, IN, USA. (8)Psychiatric and Neurodevelopmental Genetics Unit, Centre for Genomic  Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, 02114, USA. (9)Department of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, 02115, USA. (10)Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry/Psychology, Erasmus MC,  University Medical Center Rotterdam, Rotterdam, the Netherlands. (11)Department of Epidemiology, Erasmus MC, University Medical Center Rotterdam,  Rotterdam, the Netherlands. (12)Molecular Epidemiology, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden  University Medical Center, Leiden, the Netherlands. (13)Department of Psychology, University of Bath, Claverton Down, Bath, BA2 7AY,  UK. E.Walton@bath.
Author information: (1)Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Faculty of Science and  Technology (IcfaiTech), ICFAI Foundation for Higher Education, Hyderabad,  501203, India. (2)Department of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science, Faculty of Science and  Technology (IcfaiTech), ICFAI Foundation for Higher Education, Hyderabad,  501203, India. (3)Department of Computer Technology, Karpagam Academy of Higher Education,  Coimbatore, 631027, Tamil Nadu, India. (4)Department of CSE, Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation, Vaddeswaram, AP,  India. murugesh72@gmail.com. (5)School of Radio Physics, Biomedical Electronics & Computer Systems, V.N.  Karazin Kharkiv National University, Kharkiv, 61022, Ukraine.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: R.G.J.
J Cerebrovasc Endovasc Neurosurg. 2025 Jul 23. doi:  10.7461/jcen.2025.E2025.
DOI: 10.7461/jcen.2025.E2025.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology, National Taipei  University of Technology, Taipei 10608, Taiwan; Doctoral Program of Biochemical  and Biomedical Engineering, National Taipei University of Technology, Taipei  10608, Taiwan. (2)Hsuan Chen Technology CO., LTD., New Taipei City 22055, Taiwan. (3)Graduate Institute of Biomedical Materials and Tissue Engineering, College of  Biomedical Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taiwan;  International Ph.D. Program in Biomedical Engineering, College of Biomedical  Engineering, Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taiwan; Cell Physiology  and Molecular Image Research Center, Taipei Medical University-Wan Fang  Hospital, Taipei 11696, Taiwan.
Controlled emergency swimming ascent (CESA) training is a standard safety  procedure in diving, which is designed to simulate ascent in the event of gas  supply failure. However, the potential pulmonary risks associated with this  exercise remain poorly documented. This study aimed to evaluate whether CESA  training induces subclinical pulmonary alterations and assess the effectiveness  of expiratory control during ascent. In Step 1, seven experienced military  divers each performed two dives to 10 meters of seawater (msw): one control dive  with normal breathing through a regulator and one CESA dive involving continuous  expiration without a mouthpiece during ascent. Lung ultrasound was conducted  before and after immersion to quantify extravascular lung water (EVLW) using  ultrasound lung comets (ULCs). In Step 2, four divers performed CESA from 5 and  10 msw, although ventilatory kinetics were recorded using a custom underwater  pneumotachograph. All divers remained asymptomatic throughout. However, ULCs  increased significantly after CESA dives (0 vs. 7.3 ± 4.6, P < 0.01), but not  after control dives [0 vs. 0.7 ± 0.7, not significant (NS)], suggesting  subclinical pulmonary stress. Ventilatory analysis revealed marked  interindividual variability: preascent expirations ranged from 15% to 45% of  slow vital capacity (SVC), and residual volumes at the surface were between 5%  and 12% of SVC. These findings indicate that even trained divers do not  consistently match expiratory effort to gas expansion, potentially increasing  mechanical stress on the lungs. CESA training may, therefore, expose healthy  individuals to silent alveolar stress, highlighting the need for improved  monitoring tools and individualized ventilatory assessment during ascent  training.NEW & NOTEWORTHY This is the first study to objectively quantify  pulmonary stress and expiratory dynamics during controlled emergency swimming  ascent (CESA) in healthy and trained divers.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: WM: Consultant: Egret,  Imperative Care, Integra LifeSciences, Q’Apel, Rebound Therapeutics, Spartan  Micro, Stream Biomedical, Stryker, Viseon; Stock: Borvo, Cerebrotech, Egret,  Endostream, Q’Apel, Radical Catheters, Rebound Therapeutics, Spartan Micro,  Stream Biomedical, Vastrax, Viseon. RADL: Consultant: Hyprevention, Imperative  Care, J&J, Medical Device Business Services, Scientia Vascular, Stryker; Stock:  Endostream, Q’Apel, Spartan Micro, Synchron, Van Vascular, Vastrax. JAG: Grant:  Emory Medical Care Foundation, Emory Neurosurgery Catalyst, Georgia Research  Alliance, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, Uniformed  Services University-Surgical Critical Care Initiative; Consultant: Cognition,  Imperative Care, NTI, Route 92. SM: Consultant: DePuy Synthes, Imperative Care,  Medical Device Business Services, Rapid Medical. RDT: Consultant: Imperative  Care; Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers’ bureaus,  manuscript writing, or educational event: Inari Medical. MM: Grant: National  Institutes of Health (NIH); Consultant: Balt USA, Canon Medical, Imperative  Care, J&J, Medtronic, MicroVention, Rapid Pulse; Stock: Bendit Technology, Borvo  Medical, Brain Q, Endostream, QAS. AI, Quantanosis.AI, Radical Catheter  Technologies, Serenity Medical, Sim&Cure, Synchrone, VICIS.
The primary cause of death from opioid overdose is opioid-induced respiratory  depression (OIRD), characterized by severe suppression of respiratory rate,  destabilized breathing patterns, hypercapnia, and heightened risk of apnea. The  retrotrapezoid nucleus (RTN), a critical chemosensitive brainstem region in the  rostral ventrolateral medullary reticular formation, contains  Phox2b+/neuromedin-B (Nmb) propriobulbar neurons. These neurons, stimulated by  CO2/H+, regulate breathing to prevent respiratory acidosis. Since the RTN shows  limited expression of opioid receptors, we expected that opioid-induced  hypoventilation should activate these neurons to restore ventilation and  stabilize arterial blood gases. However, the ability of the RTN to stimulate  ventilation during OIRD has never been tested. We used optogenetic and  pharmacogenetic approaches, to activate and inhibit RTN Phox2b+/Nmb+ neurons  before and after fentanyl administration. As expected, fentanyl (500 µg/kg ip)  suppressed respiratory rate and destabilized breathing. Before fentanyl,  optogenetic stimulation of Phox2b+/Nmb+ or chemogenetic inhibition of Nmb+ cells  increased and decreased breathing activity, respectively. Surprisingly,  optogenetic stimulation after fentanyl administration caused a significantly  greater increase in breathing activity compared with prefentanyl levels. In  contrast, chemogenetic inhibition of RTN Nmb neurons caused profound  hypoventilation and breathing instability after fentanyl. The results suggest  that fentanyl does not inhibit the ability of Phox2b+/Nmb+ cells within the RTN  region to stimulate breathing. Thus, this study highlights the potential of  stimulating RTN neurons as a possible therapeutic approach to restore  respiratory function in cases of opioid-induced respiratory depression  (OIRD).NEW & NOTEWORTHY Opioid-induced respiratory depression (OIRD) suppresses  breathing and destabilizes ventilation.
Conflict of interest statement: D.J. Tate has received consultancy fees and  research support from Pentax Medical, Fujifilm, and Olympus.
Conflict of interest statement: A.F., Y.V.D.E. and E.T. are employees of Flen  Health, and A.G. and D.W. are paid consultants of Flen Health.
Author information: (1)HOCH, Cantonal Hospital St.Gallen, Department of Radiation Oncology, St.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest F.B. is on the  steering committee or Data Safety Monitoring Board member for Biogen, Merck,  ATRI/ACTC and Prothena.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest AG and EAV  declare no Competing Non-Financial Interests but the following Competing  Financial Interests. AG and EAV are co-inventors on PCT patent application  PCT/US21/40388, “Co-lyophilized RNA and Nanostructured Lipid Carrier,” and  related national filings, as well as U.S. provisional patent application  63/345,345, “Intranasal Administration of Thermostable RNA Vaccines,” and  63/144,169, “A thermostable, flexible RNA vaccine delivery platform for pandemic  response.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Objective.The skull significantly aberrates ultrasound imaging pulses due to its  acoustic properties and morphology.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests G.P.N.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests T.H. is a board member  of Genome Analytics Japan, Inc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests M.V.M.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: C.B., M.J.S.
Conflict of interest statement: S. Meletti received research grant support from  the Ministry of Health (MOH); and has received personal compensation as a  scientific advisory board member for UCB, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, and EISAI. A.E.  Vaudano has received speaker's or consultancy fees from Angelini.
Conflict of interest statement: Financial disclosure/conflicts of interest: K.K.  served on the data safety monitoring board for Pfizer Inc.
OBJECTIVE: To examine participants' motivations and their experiences throughout  a decentralized, longitudinal COVID-19 study in the U.S. METHODS: We recruited 355 participants from the Innovative Support for Patients  with SARS-CoV-2 Infections Registry (INSPIRE) between November 2022 - March 2023  to answer five qualitative survey questions anonymously.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Wroclaw University of Science and  Technology, Wroclaw, Poland. (2)P.H.U.
Published 2025. This article is a U.S. Government work and is in the public  domain in the USA.
Author information: (1)Leibniz-Institut für Analytische Wissenschaften - ISAS - e.V., Dortmund,  Germany.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:H.A.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:D.N.R.
Author information: (1)School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Yangzhou University, Yangzhou  225009, Jiangsu, P. R. China. yaohang@yzu.edu.cn. (2)Basic and Clinical Research Center for Sports Medicine, Yangzhou University,  P. R. China. (3)Department of Orthopedics and Sports Medicine, Northern Jiangsu People's  Hospital, Yangzhou 225001, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Institute for Bionic Technologies and Engineering, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow  State Medical University, 8/2 Trubetskaya Str, Moscow, 119991, Russian  Federation.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: The authors  declare no conflicts of interest related to this study. This research was  conducted independently, without any financial or commercial influences that  could be perceived as potential conflicts. Ethics approval: This study was  conducted in accordance with the ethical standards of the institutional and/or  national research committee and with the principles of the Declaration of  Helsinki. Ethical approval was obtained from [Isfahan university of medical  sciences] (Approval Number: [IR.MUI.MED.REC.
Conflict of interest statement: D.G. is an associate editor of Applied Biosafety  and past president of ABSA International.
ObjectivesThis study aimed to develop a quantitative scoring method for the  evaluation of mucosal fibrosis (MF) and assess its correlation with World Small  Animal Veterinary Association scores, clinical abnormalities, disease severity,  diagnosis and outcome in cats with lymphoplasmacytic enteritis (LPE) or  low-grade intestinal T-cell lymphoma (LGITL).MethodsFormalin-fixed,  paraffin-embedded small intestinal biopsy specimens from 13 cats with LPE and 14  cats with LGITL were included.
Diabetes technology use in U.S. hospitals: A survey of user experiences.
Conflict of interest statement: M.S.H.
Author information: (1)Unita Operativa Complessa di Traumatologia dello Sport e Chirurgia Articolare  Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Agostino Gemelli IRCCS Rome Italy. (2)Operative Research Unit of Orthopaedic and Trauma Surgery Fondazione  Policlinico Universitario Campus Bio-Medico Rome Italy. (3)Research Unit of Orthopaedic and Trauma Surgery, Department of Medicine and  Surgery Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma Rome Italy. (4)Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore Rome Italy. (5)Department of Orthopaedics Sahlgrenska University Hospital Mölndal Sweden. (6)Department of Orthopaedics, Institute of Clinical Sciences, Sahlgrenska  Academy University of Gothenburg Gothenburg Sweden. (7)Department of Biomedical, Dental, Morphological and Functional Images  University of Messina, A.O.U.
Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Chinese Medical Association  Publishing House.
Author information: (1)Department of Psychiatry, Amsterdam University Medical Center/VUmc,  Amsterdam, Netherlands. (2)Expertise Center Adult ADHD, PsyQ, Psycho-medical Programs, The Hague,  Netherlands. (3)Department of Psychology, School of Biological and Behavioural Sciences,  Queen Mary University of London, London, United Kingdom. (4)Group of Psychiatry, Mental Health and Addictions, Vall D'Hebron Research  Institute (VHIR), Biomedical Research Networking Centre Consortium on Mental  Health (CIBERSAM), Barcelona, Spain. (5)Department of Clinical Research, University of Southern Denmark, Odense,  Denmark. (6)National Centre for Register-based Research, Department of Public Health,  Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark. (7)Centre for Neuropsychiatric Genetics and Genomics & Wolfson Centre for Young  People's Mental Health, Cardiff University, Cardiff, United Kingdom. (8)Center of Neurodevelopmental Disorders (KIND), Department of Women's and  Children's Health, Centre for Psychiatry Research, Karolinska Institutet &  Region Stockholm, Stockholm, Sweden. (9)Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Stockholm Health Care Services, Region  Stockholm, Stockholm, Sweden. (10)Curtin Autism Research Group, Curtin School of Allied Health, Curtin  University, Perth, WA, Australia. (11)Department of Womens and Childrens Health, Uppsala University, Uppsala,  Sweden. (12)Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm,  Sweden. (13)Department of Medical Sciences and Public Health, University of Cagliari and  Child and Adolescent Unit P.O. Microcitemico ASL Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: All authors (M.P., G.G., G.G., R.S., D.L., F.F.)  declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal  relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this  paper.
Author information: (1)Department of Prosthodontics, Saveetha Dental College and Hospitals, Saveetha  Institute for Medical and Technical Sciences, Chennai, India. (2)Department of Periodontics, Saveetha Dental College and Hospitals, Saveetha  Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences, Saveetha University, Chennai,  India. (3)Department of Anatomy, Faculty of Allied Health Sciences, Dr. M.G.R  Educational and Research Institute, Chennai, India.
Int J Nanomedicine. 2025 Jul 17;20:9111-9134. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S530041.
BACKGROUND: Obstetric complications (OCs) are associated with cognitive and  brain abnormalities observed in patients with schizophrenia. Gyrification, a  measure of cortical integrity sensitive to events occurring during the prenatal  and perinatal periods, is also altered in first-episode psychosis (FEP). We  examined the relationship between OCs and gyrification in FEP, as well as  whether gyrification mediates the relationship between OCs and cognition. METHODS: We examined differences in the Local Gyrification Index (LGI) for the  frontal, parietal, temporal, occipital, and cingulate cortices between 139 FEP  patients and 125 healthy controls (HCs). Regression analyses explored whether  OCs and diagnosis interact to explain LGI variation. Parametric mediation  analyses were conducted to assess the effect of LGI on the relationship between  OCs and cognition for FEP and HC. RESULTS: Significant LGI differences were observed between FEP patients and HC  in the left parietal and bilateral cingulate and occipital cortices. There was a  significant interaction between OCs and diagnosis on the left cingulate cortex  (LCC) that was specific to males (p = 0.04) and was driven by gestational rather  than intrauterine OCs.In HCs, OCs had a direct effect on working memory (WM)  (p = 0.
Conflict of interest statement: H.V. is medical director of the NPI, resident  program director at Arkin Amsterdam, and chief editor of the Dutch Journal of  Psychiatry.
Conflict of interest statement: N Jahanshad received partial research support  from Biogen, Inc. (Boston, USA) for research unrelated to the content of this  article. P Thompson received partial research support from Biogen, Inc. (Boston,  USA) for research unrelated to the topic of this manuscript. R Davidson is the  founder and president of, and serves on the board of directors for, the  non-profit organization Healthy Minds Innovations, Inc. L Lebois reports unpaid  membership on the Scientific Committee for the International Society for the  Study of Trauma and Dissociation (ISSTD), grant support from the National  Institute of Mental Health, K01 MH118467, and spousal IP payments from  Vanderbilt University for technology licensed to Acadia Pharmaceuticals  unrelated to the present work. ISSTD and NIMH were not involved in the analysis  or preparation of the manuscript. C Abdullah has served as a consultant, speaker  and/or on advisory boards for Douglas Pharmaceuticals, Freedom Biosciences,  FSV7, Lundbeck, Psilocybin Labs, Genentech, Janssen and Aptinyx; served as  editor of Chronic Stress for Sage Publications, Inc; and filed a patent for  using mTOR inhibitors to augment the effects of antidepressants (filed on August  20, 2018). J Krystal is a consultant for AbbVie, Inc., Amgen, Astellas Pharma  Global Development, Inc., AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, Biomedisyn Corporation,  Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly and Company, Euthymics Bioscience, Inc.,  Neurovance, Inc., FORUM Pharmaceuticals, Janssen Research & Development,  Lundbeck Research USA, Novartis Pharma AG, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.,  Sage Therapeutics, Inc., Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Takeda Industries;  is on the Scientific Advisory Board for Lohocla Research Corporation, Mnemosyne  Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Naurex, Inc., and Pfizer; is a stockholder in Biohaven  Pharmaceuticals; holds stock options in Mnemosyne Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; holds  patents for Dopamine and Noradrenergic Reuptake Inhibitors in Treatment of  Schizophrenia, US Patent No. 5,447,948 (issued September 5, 1995), and Glutamate  Modulating Agents in the Treatment of Mental Disorders, U.S. Patent No.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Gastroenterology and Hepatology Department, Clinical and Translational  Research in Digestive Diseases, Valdecilla Research Institute (IDIVAL), Marqués  de Valdecilla University Hospital, IDIVAL, Santander, Spain. (2)Barcelona Hepatic Hemodynamic Laboratory, Liver Unit, Hospital Clínic,  Institut de Investigacions Biomèdiques August Pi i Sunyer (IDIBAPS), Departament  de Medicina i Ciències de la Salut, Universitat de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain;  Health Care Provider of the European Reference Network on Rare Liver Disorders  (ERN-Rare Liver), Spain; Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de  Enfermedades Hepáticas y Digestivas (CIBEREHD), Spain. (3)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Hepáticas y  Digestivas (CIBEREHD), Spain; Gastroenterology and Hepatology department, Ramón  y Cajal University Hospital- IRYCIS (Madrid), University of Alcalá, Spain. (4)Gastroenterology and Hepatology department, Canarias University Hospital,  Tenerife, Spain. (5)Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Hepáticas y  Digestivas (CIBEREHD), Spain; Bleeding Unit, Gastroenterology and hepatology  department, Hospital de la Santa Creu i Sant Pau, Biomedical Research Institute  Sant Pau (IIB Sant Pau), Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08025 Barcelona,  Spain. (6)Liver Unit, Vall d'Hebron University Hospital, Vall d'Hebron Research  Institute (VHIR), Vall d'Hebron Barcelona Hospital Campus, Autonomous Universy  of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain. (7)Gastroenterology and Hepatology department Puerta De Hierro, University  Hospital, Madrid, Spain. (8)Gastroenterology department, Asturias Central Hospital.Oviedo, Spain.
Copyright © 2025 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by  Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be  considered as potential competing interests: E.A.K.
Conflict of interest statement: J.W. has been an honorary speaker for Beeijing  Yibai Science and Technology Ltd, Eisai, Gloryren, Janssen, Pfizer, Med Update  GmbH, Roche, Lilly, Roche Pharma; has been a member of the advisory boards of  Abbott, Biogen, Boehringer Ingelheim, Lilly, Immungenetics, MSD Sharp‐Dohme,  Noselab, Roboscreen, and Roche Pharma; and receives fees as a consultant for  Immungenetics, Noselab, and Roboscreen.
Author information: (1)FunGlass, A. Dubček University of Trenčín, Študentská 2, Trenčín 911 50,  Slovakia. (2)Institute of Physics, Faculty of Science, P.J. Šafárik University, Park  Angelinum 9, Košice 04001, Slovakia.
Conflict of interest statement: J.F.F.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical and Biomedical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter,  UK. (2)Department of Genetic Medicine and Development, Univerisity of Geneva,  Geneva, Switzerland. (3)Health Informatics Institute, Morsani College of Medicine, University of  South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA. (4)Davis Center for Diabetes, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus,  Aurora, CO, USA. (5)Indiana University School of Medicine, Indiana, IN, USA. (6)Department of Genome Sciences, University of Virginia School of Medicine,  Charlottesville, VA, USA. (7)Pacific Northwest Research Institute, Seattle, WA, USA. (8)Baylor College of Medicine, Texas Children's Hospital, Houston, TX, USA. (9)Department of Clinical and Biomedical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter,  UK. R.Oram@exeter.
BACKGROUND: Snakebite envenomation constitutes a major public health challenge  in Burkina Faso, particularly within rural communities. Limited access to formal  healthcare services, coupled with the high cost of antivenom treatment, has led  to widespread reliance on traditional health practitioners (THPs). This study  was therefore undertaken to generate empirical data on the role of THPs in the  management of snakebite envenomation, with a focus on the medicinal plants  employed, methods of remedy preparation, and routes of administration. METHOD: A preliminary survey was conducted to identify traditional health  practitioners THPs involved in snakebite envenomation management within the  study regions. The preliminary survey involved 799 individuals selected through  convenience sampling in local markets. Ethnobotanical data were subsequently  gathered from the identified practitioners via semi-structured interviews. The  collected data were entered and analysed via an Excel spreadsheet. In addition  to the sociodemographic characteristics of THPs, the relative frequency of  citation (RFC) were also determined. RESULTS: The results revealed that 90% of the THPs were male and that 76.67%  illiterate. Over half of the THPs had more than two decades of experience.  Diagnosis was mainly based on symptoms, with 60% relying on bite site  examination. Most treatments involved plant-based powders (73.33%), typically  applied subcutaneously through incisions. Roots were the most commonly used  plant part in antivenom preparations (29%), while dried and calcined materials  were the predominant form of medicinal plant preparation in the region. The  study identified 29 plant species across 18 botanical families. Annona  senegalensis Pers., Nauclea latifolia Sm., and Vitellaria paradoxa C.F. Gaertn  had the highest relative frequency of citation (RFC), each at 10%.
Author information: (1)Computational Genomics Group, Department of Surgery, Oncology and  Gastroenterology, University of Padua, Padova, Italy. (2)Department of Biology, University of Padua, Padova, Italy. (3)Department of Molecular Medicine, University of Padua, Padova, Italy. (4)Hematology Unit, Department of Medicine, University of Padua, via N  Giustiniani 2, 35128, Padova, Italy. (5)Department I of Internal Medicine, University of Cologne, Cologne, Germany. (6)The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center, Columbus, OH, USA. (7)Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology & Clinical Genomics Uppsala,  Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden. (8)State Key Laboratory of Experimental Hematology, Haihe Laboratory of Cell  Ecosystem, Institute of Hematology & Blood Diseases Hospital, National Clinical  Research Center for Blood Diseases, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences & Peking  Union Medical College, Tianjin Institutes of Health Science, Tianjin, China. (9)MLL Munich Leukemia Laboratory, Munich, Germany. (10)Department of Internal Medicine, Hematology and Oncology, University  Hospital Brno & Faculty of Medicine, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic. (11)Molecular Pathology, University Hospitals Dorset, Royal Bournemouth  Hospital, Bournemouth, UK. (12)Service d'Hématologie Biologique, Hôpital Pitié-Salpêtrière, Paris, France. (13)Hematology Section, Department of Medical Sciences, Arcispedale S. Anna,  Azienda Ospedaliera-Universitaria, University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy. (14)Hematology Department and HCT Unit, G. Papanicolaou Hospital, Thessaloniki,  Greece. (15)Laboratoire d'hématologie, Hôpital Avicenne, Assistance Publique- Hôpitaux  de Paris, Paris, France. (16)Servicio de Genética, Hospital Universitario de Navarra, Pamplona, Spain. (17)Servicio de Hematología y Oncología Médica, Hospital Clinico Universitario  de Valencia, Valencia, Spain. (18)Department of Hematology, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology (VHIO),  Hospital Universitari Vall d'Hebron, Barcelona, Spain. (19)Molecular Cytogenetics Laboratory, Pathology Department, Translational  Research on Hematological Neoplasms Group, Cancer Research Program, Hospital del  Mar, Hospital del Mar Research Institute, Barcelona, Spain. (20)Immunology and Molecular Oncology Unit, Veneto Institute of Oncology  IOV-IRCSS, Padova, Italy. (21)Department of Translational and Precision Medicine, Hematology Unit,  'Sapienza' University, Rome, Italy. (22)Medical School, Università Vita-Salute San Raffaele, Milano, Italy. (23)Division of Experimental Oncology, IRCCS Ospedale San Raffaele, Milano,  Italy. (24)Institute of Applied Biosciences, Center for Research and Technology Hellas,  Thessaloniki, Greece. (25)Ulm University, Ulm, Germany. (26)Department of Hematology, Cancer Center Amsterdam and Lymphoma and Myeloma  Center Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (27)First Department of Propaedeutic, University of Athens, Athens, Greece. (28)Federal State Budgetary Educational Institution of Higher Education  Academician I.P. Pavlov First St.
Author information: (1)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht,  The Netherlands. p.p.g.lafranca-2@umcutrecht.nl. (2)Department of Spine Surgery, Krankenhaus der Augustinerinnen, Cologne,  Germany. (3)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, University Hospital Cologne, Cologne,  Germany. (4)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht,  The Netherlands. (5)Department of Radiology, Image Sciences Institute, University Medical Center  Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands. (6)MRIguidance B.V., Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: All animal work was conducted in accordance with institutional  policies and with the approval of the Institutional Animal Care and Use  Committee of Korea University. And all procedures were performed in accordance  with established ethical guidelines. All participants provided written informed  consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki prior to enrollment in  the study. The study adhered to Good Clinical Practice guidelines and all  applicable regulatory requirements for clinical research. Consent for  publication: All authors have consented to the publication of the manuscript.  Competing interests: HB.K, SJ.Y, HY.K, SX.M, RH.K, MH.L, N.H, EH.C, SM.L, JW.J,  WK.K, YS.P, SI.P, SG.K and JY.S are employed by Neuracle Science Co.
Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethical standards. Guarantor:  The scientific guarantor of this study is Professor Vicky Goh. Conflict of  interest: V.G. receives research support from Siemens Healthineers, paid to the  institution.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics Approval: This  retrospective study was performed in accordance with an IRB-approved exempt  protocol (Pro00107226), initially approved 1/5/2021. Consent was not required  for inclusion. Competing interests: C.R.G.
Author information: (1)The Charles Bronfman Institute for Personalized Medicine, Icahn School of  Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (2)Department of Clinical Epidemiology, Leiden University Medical Center,  Leiden, The Netherlands. (3)Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Basic Metabolic Research, Faculty of  Health and Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (4)Department of Environmental Medicine, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount  Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (5)MRC Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. (6)Population Health Sciences, Bristol Medical School, University of Bristol,  Bristol, UK. (7)Atlanta VA Health Care System, Decatur, GA, USA. (8)Department of Epidemiology, Emory University Rollins School of Public Health,  Atlanta, GA, USA. (9)Division of Cancer Epidemiology and Genetics, National Cancer Institute,  Rockville, MD, USA. (10)Department of Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Nanjing Medical  University, Nanjing, China. (11)Department of Biostatistics and Center for Statistical Genetics, University  of Michigan School of Public Health, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (12)Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane,  Queensland, Australia. (13)Department of Public Health, Section of Epidemiology, Algorithmic Fairness  Research Group, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (14)Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at  Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (15)Center for Genomic Data Analytics, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai,  New York, NY, USA. (16)Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Cardiology, University of  Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (17)Department of Epidemiology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,  Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (18)Department of Population Health Sciences, Geisinger, Danville, PA, USA. (19)Department of Epidemiology, Gillings School of Global Public Health,  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (20)Division of Genetic Medicine, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University  Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (21)William Harvey Research Institute, Barts and the London School of Medicine  and Dentistry, Queen Mary University of London, London, UK. (22)Digital Environment Research Institute, Queen Mary University of London,  London, UK. (23)Laboratory for Statistical Analysis, RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical  Sciences, Yokohama, Japan. (24)Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of  Medicine, Osaka, Japan. (25)Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute of MIT and  Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. (26)Divisions of Genetics and Rheumatology, Brigham and Women's Hospital and  Department of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (27)Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel  Hill, NC, USA. (28)Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health and  Health Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA, USA. (29)Division of Endocrinology, Boston Children's Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (30)Department of Biostatistics and Data Science, Wake Forest School of  Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (31)Nuffield Department of Population Health, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. (32)Genetics of Complex Traits, College of Medicine and Health, University of  Exeter, Exeter, UK. (33)Center for Health Data Science, Section for Health Data Science and  Artificial Intelligence, Department of Public Health, Faculty of Health and  Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (34)Nuffield Department of Medicine, Centre for Human Genetics, University of  Oxford, Oxford, UK. (35)Estonian Genome Centre, Institute of Genomics, University of Tartu, Tartu,  Estonia. (36)Department of Internal Medicine, Erasmus MC, University Medical Center  Rotterdam, Rotterdam, The Netherlands. (37)Division of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, RTI International, Durham, NC,  USA. (38)Center for Primary Care and Public Health, University of Lausanne, Lausanne,  Switzerland. (39)Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland. (40)Department of Ophthalmology, Graduate School of Medical Sciences, Kyushu  University, Fukuoka, Japan. (41)Department of Family Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La  Jolla, CA, USA. (42)Department of Human Genetics, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, Los  Angeles, CA, USA. (43)Institute of Biological Psychiatry, Mental Health Services, Copenhagen  University Hospital, Copenhagen, Denmark. (44)Thurston Arthritis Research Center, University of North Carolina at Chapel  Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. (45)Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA. (46)Genomic Research on Complex Diseases (GRC-Group), CSIR-Centre for Cellular  and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad, India. (47)Department of Epidemiology, University of Michigan School of Public Health,  Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (48)Cardiovascular Health Research Unit, Department of Medicine, University of  Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (49)Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), HiLIFE, University of  Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland. (50)Center for Applied Genomics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia,  Philadelphia, PA, USA. (51)Quantinuum Research, LLC, Wayne, PA, USA. (52)Department of Genetics, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (53)Department of Genetic Epidemiology, University of Regensburg, Regensburg,  Germany. (54)Department of Ophthalmology, University Hospital Regensburg, Regensburg,  Germany. (55)Department of Cardiovascular Sciences, University of Leicester, Leicester,  UK. (56)NIHR Leicester Biomedical Research Centre, Glenfield Hospital, Leicester,  UK. (57)Department of Pediatrics, Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI, USA. (58)Department of Congenital Disorders and Danish National Biobank, Statens  Serum Institut, Copenhagen, Denmark. (59)Department of Public Health, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (60)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (61)Division of Epidemiology, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University  Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA. (62)Department of Medicine, Surgery and Health Sciences, University of Trieste,  Trieste, Italy. (63)Centre for Genomic and Experimental Medicine, Institute of Genetics and  Cancer, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (64)Usher Institute, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh Bioquarter, Edinburgh,  UK. (65)Centre for Public Health, Queen's University of Belfast, Northern Ireland,  UK. (66)Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health, National University of Singapore and  National University Health System, Singapore, Singapore. (67)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, PA, USA. (68)Center for Spatial and Functional Genomics, Division of Human Genetics,  Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (69)Cardiovascular Disease Initiative, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard,  Cambridge, MA, USA. (70)Department of Twin Research and Genetic Epidemiology, King's College London,  London, UK. (71)Department of Kinesiology, Faculty of Medicine, Université Laval, Québec,  QC, Canada. (72)Diamantina Institute, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, Queensland,  Australia. (73)23andMe, Inc., Sunnyvale, CA, USA. (74)Division of Preventive Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, MA,  USA. (75)Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian Albrechts University of  Kiel, Kiel, Germany. (76)Vth Department of Medicine, Medical Faculty Mannheim, Heidelberg University,  Mannheim, Germany. (77)Dipartimento di Scienze Mediche Chirurgiche e Sperimentali, Università degli  Studi di Sassari, Sassari, Italy. (78)Department of Epidemiology, Erasmus MC, University Medical Center Rotterdam,  Rotterdam, The Netherlands. (79)Section of Statistical Multi-omics, Department of Clinical and Experimental  Medicine, University of Surrey, Guildford, UK. (80)Department of Biostatistics, Boston University School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA. (81)Department of Internal Medicine II, University Hospital Regensburg,  Regensburg, Germany. (82)Department of Nutrition Science and Dietetics, School of Health Sciences,  University of the Peloponnese, Kalamata, Greece. (83)Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, School of Health Science and  Education, Harokopio University, Athens, Greece. (84)Department of Biochemistry, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem,  NC, USA. (85)Genome Institute of Singapore, Agency for Science, Technology and Research  (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore. (86)Department of Paediatrics, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National  University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore. (87)Department of Molecular Epidemiology, German Institute of Human Nutrition  Potsdam-Rehbruecke, Nuthetal, Germany. (88)German Center for Diabetes Research (DZD), Neuherberg, Germany. (89)COPSAC, Copenhagen Prospective Studies on Asthma in Childhood, Herlev and  Gentofte Hospital, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark. (90)Department of Pediatrics, Division of Endocrinology, Boston Children's  Hospital, Boston, MA, USA. (91)Institute of Cardiovascular Science, Faculty of Population Health,  University College London, London, UK. (92)Molecular Genetics Section, Center for Precision Health Research, National  Human Genome Research Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD,  USA. (93)Survey Research Center, Institute for Social Research, University of  Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (94)Department of Computational Genomics, National Institute of Genomic  Medicine, Mexico City, Mexico. (95)Institute of Genetic Epidemiology, Medical University of Innsbruck,  Innsbruck, Austria. (96)Institute for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, University  Hospital Essen, Essen, Germany. (97)Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, Kiel,  Germany. (98)Rogel Cancer Center, University of Michigan Medicine, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (99)Eurac Research Institute for Biomedicine, Bolzano, Italy. (100)Department for Health Evidence, Radboud University Medical Center,  Nijmegen, The Netherlands. (101)Jackson Heart Study, Department of Medicine, University of Mississippi,  Jackson, MS, USA. (102)Department of Epidemiology Research, Statens Serum Institut, Copenhagen,  Denmark. (103)Cardiovascular Medicine/Radcliffe Department of Medicine, University of  Oxford, John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford, UK. (104)Genetic Epidemiology, QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute, Brisbane,  Queensland, Australia. (105)Department of Biomedicine (Human Genetics) and iSEQ Center, Aarhus  University, Aarhus, Denmark. (106)The Lundbeck Foundation Initiative for Integrative Psychiatric Research,  iPSYCH, Aarhus, Denmark. (107)BiRC - Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark. (108)The Institute for Translational Genomics and Population Sciences,  Department of Pediatrics, Lundquist Institute for Biomedical Innovation at  Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA, USA. (109)Department of Medical Sciences, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden. (110)Division of Public Health Sciences, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, Seattle,  WA, USA. (111)Translational Research Centre, Copenhagen University Hospital,  Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. (112)Danish Headache Center, Department of Neurology, Copenhagen University  Hospital, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. (113)Danish Multiple Sclerosis Center, Department of Neurology, Copenhagen  University Hospital, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. (114)Department of Public Health and Welfare, Finnish Institute for Health and  Welfare, Helsinki, Finland. (115)Bristol Dental School, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. (116)Department of Neurology, Boston University Chobanian & Avedisian School of  Medicine, Boston, MA, USA. (117)Framingham Heart Study, Framingham, MA, USA. (118)Department of Clinical Sciences in Malmö, Lund University, Lund, Sweden. (119)Veterans Affairs Boston Healthcare System, Boston, MA, USA. (120)Clinical Division of Neurogeriatrics, Department of Neurology, Medical  University of Graz, Graz, Austria. (121)Institute for Medical Informatics, Statistics and Documentation, Medical  University of Graz, Graz, Austria. (122)School of Medicine and Public Health, University of Newcastle, Callaghan,  New South Wales, Australia. (123)Leipzig University, Medical Faculty, Institute for Medical Informatics,  Statistics and Epidemiology, Leipzig, Germany. (124)Leipzig University, Medical Faculty, LIFE Research Center for Civilization  Diseases, Leipzig, Germany. (125)Department of Biological Psychology, Behaviour and Movement Sciences, Vrije  Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. (126)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The views expressed in this  article are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of the NHS, the  NIHR or the Department of Health. M.I.McC.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: E.B. has served as a  consultant or advisory board member for Boehringer Ingelheim, Gilead, Intercept,  Merck, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer and ProSciento and as a speaker for Gilead,  Intercept, Merck, Novo Nordisk and Pfizer.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: Outside the submitted work,  T.G. received consulting fees from AbbVie, Alector, Anavex, Biogen, BMS;  Cogthera, Eli Lilly, Functional Neuromodulation, Grifols, Iqvia, Janssen,  Noselab, Novo Nordisk, NuiCare, Orphanzyme, Roche Diagnostics, Roche Pharma,  UCB, and Vivoryon; lecture fees from Biogen, Eisai, Grifols, Medical Tribune,  Novo Nordisk, Roche Pharma, Schwabe, and Synlab; and has received grants to his  institution from Biogen, Eisai, and Roche Diagnostics.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.E.L.W., M.R., H.F.,  F.L.W.V.J.S., J.T., S.B.S.
Head and neck cancer (HNC) accounts for ∼4% of all cancers but causes ∼15,000  deaths annually in the United States. Over 40% of HNC patients present with  cachexia, a severe comorbidity associated with skeletal muscle defects, worsened  treatment response, and poor outcomes. The mechanisms behind HNC cachexia remain  unclear, partly due to limited small animal models. This study characterizes  functional and molecular features of cachexia in a novel preclinical model using  tobacco-induced B0092 oral squamous cell carcinoma in C57BL/6J mice. C2C12  myotubes were exposed to various concentrations of B0092 conditioned media (CM)  to assess effects on myotube diameter and expression of muscle-specific  ubiquitin ligases (MuRF-1 and atrogin-1). C57BL/6J male and female mice were  implanted with B0092 cells (5 × 105 cells) to investigate musculoskeletal  effects of HNC. RNA sequencing of muscle identified gene signatures associated  with cachexia. Myotubes treated with B0092 CM showed atrophy already at 25% CM  (-21%, P < 0.01), along with elevated MuRF-1 (+81%, P < 0.05) and atrogin-1  (+27%, P < 0.05). B0092 tumor growth in male mice led to muscle atrophy, reduced  strength (-36%, P < 0.001), and lower bone mineral density (-8%, P < 0.01).  Muscle atrophy correlated with increased MuRF-1 (+1.96-fold, P < 0.05) and  atrogin-1 (+1.97-fold, P < 0.05). Female mice exhibited moderate cachexia  despite similar tumor size. RNA sequencing of muscle in male B0092 hosts  revealed mitochondrial dysfunction and upregulation of proteasome- and  translation-related pathways, supporting a shift toward protein degradation and  impaired energy metabolism. These findings suggest that B0092-bearing mice are  valuable to uncover novel molecular pathways and potential therapeutic targets  for HNC cachexia.NEW & NOTEWORTHY This study introduces a novel preclinical  model for head and neck cancer (HNC) cachexia using B0092 oral squamous cell  carcinoma in C57BL/6J mice.
Author information: (1)Clinical Professor of Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA,  Department of Medicine, Nephrology Division, Kidney Transplant Program, Los  Angeles, CA 90095 (2)Assistant Clinical Professor of Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine at  UCLA, Department of Medicine, Nephrology Division, Kidney Transplant Program,  Los Angeles, CA 90095 (3)Clinical Professor of Medicine, VA Greater Los Angeles Health Care System,  Department of Medicine, North Hills, CA 91343 (4)Assistant Clinical Professor of Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine at  UCLA, Departemnt of Medicine, Nephrology Division, Kidney Transplant Program,  Los Angeles, CA 90095 (5)Clinical Professor of Medicine, Olive View-UCLA Medical Center, Department of  Medicine, Nephrology Division, Sylmar, CA 91345 (6)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (7)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (8)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (9)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (10)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (11)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (12)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
Post transplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM) is a common and important  complication following solid organ transplantation. PTDM may arise from both  transplant-related and traditional risk factors and has variably been reported  to be associated with decreased patient and graft survival and other adverse  outcomes including increased cardiovascular disease risk, infection, and graft  rejection. This chapter reviews the nomenclature change for post-transplant  diabetes, diagnostic criteria, risk factors, incidence after solid organ  transplantation, and associated adverse effects. Screening for PTDM including  pretransplant evaluation and early detection in the post-transplant period, and  the unique aspects of diabetes management in the context of organ  transplantation are also discussed. For complete coverage of all related areas  of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Author information: (1)Neuroendocrine Unit, Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Hospital das  Clinicas, University of Sao Paulo Medical School (2)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (3)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (4)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (5)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (6)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (7)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (8)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
Hyperprolactinemia is the most common hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunction, being  an important cause of irregular menses and infertility amongst young women.  Clinical and laboratorial investigation is crucial to determine  hyperprolactinemia etiology and to indicate the proper treatment. Prolactinoma  is the most common cause of pathological hyperprolactinemia, but physiological  and pharmacological causes must be ruled out. Macroprolactinemia is a  laboratorial pitfall that should be excluded in asymptomatic hyperprolactinemic  individuals since treatment is not necessary. Hook effect is another  laboratorial pitfall that may underestimate prolactin levels confounding the  differential diagnosis between macroprolactinomas and non-functioning pituitary  adenomas. Clinical treatment with dopamine agonists (DA) is effective in 80 to  90% of patients with prolactinoma leading to normal serum prolactin levels and  tumor reduction. DA are usually well tolerated, nevertheless, valvopathy and  psychiatric side effects should be actively evaluated. Normoprolactinemia after  DA withdrawal is possible in around 30% of cases. Hypogonadism and infertility  are usually reversed upon prolactin levels normalization due to DA treatment,  allowing pregnancy in most patients. In micro and intrasellar  macroprolactinomas, DA can be withdrawn after pregnancy confirmation. Pregnancy  and menopause are associated with prolactinoma remission. Surgical treatment may  be indicated in resistant/intolerant patients and symptomatic apoplectic tumors.  In patients with non-invasive microadenoma or macroadenoma, surgical management  could be offered as the first line treatment, considering high surgical  remission. Radiotherapy is rarely performed and must be reserved to control  tumor growth in aggressive cases. Temozolomide is an alternative treatment for  resistant/aggressive prolactinomas not responding to high doses of dopamine  agonists, multiple surgeries, and radiotherapy. For complete coverage of all  related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text,  WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:S.V.D.
Author information: (1)Department of Heart, Vascular & Thoracic, Division of Cardiology and  Cardiovascular Medicine, Cleveland Clinic Children's Cleveland, OH (B.S.M.
Plain Language Summary: Eco-friendly synthesis of CuO nanoparticles using black  tea extract as reducing and capping agents.Characterized CuO NPs with a  monoclinic structure and spherical morphology.CuO NPs showed strong antioxidant  (87.
Conflict of interest statement: AR is affiliated with Jülich GmbH.The author has  no other competing interests to declare, AS, JL is affiliated with Jülich GmbH.
Author information: (1)Guangdong Engineering Research Center for Translation of Medical 3D Printing  Application, Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Medical Biomechanics,  Department of Human Anatomy, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical  University, Guangzhou, 510515, China. hwh@smu.edu.cn. (2)Biomaterials Research Center, School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern  Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, P.R. China.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Epidemiology and Population Sciences, Intramural Research  Program National Institute on Aging Baltimore MD USA. (2)Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, Department of Medicine Brigham and  Women's Hospital Boston MA USA. (3)Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Cambridge MA USA. (4)Department of Internal Medicine, Section of Gerontology and Geriatrics Leiden  University Medical Center Leiden The Netherlands. (5)Cardiovascular Institute, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Boston MA USA. (6)Department of Biostatistics Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health Boston  MA USA.
Author information: (1)Sezione di Malattie dell'Apparato Respiratorio, Dipartimento di Biomedicina  Traslazionale e Neuroscienze (DiBraiN), Università degli Studi di Bari Aldo  Moro, Bari, Italy. (2)Department of Public Health and Infectious Diseases, Sapienza Università di  Roma, Italy. (3)UOC Pneumologia, Nuovo Ospedale Apuano (NOA), Massa, Italy. (4)Università Cattolica S. Cuore - Roma, Italy. (5)Alma Mater Studiorum Università di Bologna, Dipartimento di Scienze Mediche e  Chirurgiche (DIMEC), Bologna, Italy. (6)IRCCS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria di Bologna, Policlinico  S.Orsola-Malpighi, UO Pneumologia e Terapia Intensiva Respiratoria, Bologna,  Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: MB received financial grants and consulting fees  from AstraZeneca, Chiesi, Glaxo Smith Kline, Lallemand, Omron, Sanofi; he  declares speaker fees from AstraZeneca, Chiesi, Glaxo Smith Kline, Lusofarmaco,  Menarini, Omron, Sanofi; as well as financial support for attending meetings  and/or travel from AstraZeneca, Lusofarmaco, Sanofi. FP received consulting  fees, payment for lectures and for participation on a Data Safety Monitoring  Board or Advisory Board from: Sanofi, Regeneron, AstraZeneca, Glaxo Smith Kline,  Mundipharma, Alk Abello, Stallergenes Greer, Menarini, and Chiesi. PS received  financial grants from Insmed Inc., AstraZeneca, GSK, Novartis, and Roche. GS  received consulting fees from Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Insmed, and Quiagen. FB  received financial grants from AstraZeneca, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A and Insmed  Inc.
INTRODUCTION: A novel physio-marker, termed "cerebrovascular dynamics index"  (CDI), was developed and evaluated in a multi-center National Institutes of  Health (NIH)-funded study for improved diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment  (MCI) and its transition to Alzheimer's disease (AD). METHODS: The CDI quantifies the regulation dynamics of cerebral perfusion and  oxygenation (which adjust autonomously blood flow and oxygen delivery over time)  through predictive dynamic modeling using relevant time-series data. RESULTS: Cross-sectional results demonstrated excellent diagnostic performance  of CDI in differentiating 90 MCI/AD patients from 77 controls (area under the  curve (AUC) =  0.96), which surpassed the commonly used biomarker of amyloid  positron emission tomography-standardized uptake value ratio (PET-SUVR)  (AUC = 0.78) or cognitive screening tests of Mini-Mental State Examination  (MMSE) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) (AUC = 0.91 and 0.92,  respectively). The CDI can also be used for disease staging because it  differentiated 56 MCI from 34 mild AD participants (AUC = 0.98). CONCLUSION: These findings offer the promise of a high-performance diagnostic  physio-marker for MCI and AD, which can be obtained in a comfortable, rapid, and  automated manner in clinical settings. HIGHLIGHTS: Novel physio-marker (cerebrovascular dynamics index [CDI])  quantifies the regulation dynamics of cerebral perfusion.The CDI was shown to  improve mild cognitive impairment/Alzheimer's disease (MCI/AD) diagnosis (area  under the curve [AUC] >0.
Clin Ophthalmol. 2025 Jul 14;19:2281-2288. doi: 10.2147/OPTH.S522334.
Clin Ophthalmol. 2025 Jul 16;19:2295-2303. doi: 10.2147/OPTH.S531288.
Conflict of interest statement: S.J.S.
Author information: (1)Unit of Clinical Medicine and Hepatology, Fondazione Policlinico  Universitario Campus Bio-medico di Roma, Italy. (2)Research Unit of Hepatology, Università Campus Bio-medico di Roma, Italy. (3)Unit of Internal Medicine, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Campus  Bio-medico di Roma, Italy. (4)Research Unit of Internal Medicine, Università Campus Bio-medico di Roma,  Italy. (5)Gastroenterology Unit, Città della Salute e della Scienza University  Hospital, Turin, Italy. (6)Division of Gastroenterology, Centre for Autoimmune Liver Diseases,  Department of Medicine and Surgery, University of Milano-Bicocca, European  Reference Network on Hepatological Diseases, San Gerardo Hospital, Monza, Italy. (7)U.O.C.
Conflict of interest statement: Umberto Vespasiani-Gentilucci: consulting fee  from Astra Zeneca, Advance Pharma, Ipsen, Novo Nordisk, Mirum, Gilead, Diasorin.  Marco Carbone: received consulting fee from Advanz Pharma, Albireo, Ipsen,  Cymabay, Gilead, Kowa, Moderna, Echosens, Alphasigma, Genetics SpA, Perspectum,  GSK, Mayoly, Zydus. Cristina Rigamonti: Advanz Pharma, Ipsen, Roche. Ana Lleo:  consulting fees from Advanz Pharma, AlfaSigma, Takeda, Ipsen, Dr Falk, Gilead,  and GSK, speaker fees from Gilead, GSK, AbbVie, MSD, Advanz Pharma, AlfaSigma,  GSK, and Incyte, and travel support from Ipsen. Francesca Colapietro: speaker  fees from Advanz Pharma. Ester Vanni: Advanz Pharma. Anna Morgando: Advanz  Pharma. Nora Cazzagon: Training activity for Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Advanz,  Orphalan Individual scientific consultant: Orphalan, IPSEN, ALBIREO, GSK;  Participation to congress: IPSEN, Orphalan; PI or Investigator: Intercept  Pharmaceuticals, Gilead, Dr.Falk, GSK, Cymabay, Albireo, IPSEN, Umecrine, Mirum;  Research grant: Orphalan.
Conflict of interest statement: K.M.M.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interestsThe authors declare no  competing interests that may inappropriately influence or affect the integrity  of the contents of the article. P.Y.W.D. is an inventor on patents that relate  to the use of supramolecular interactions for advanced materials.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://jtd.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/jtd-2025-745/coif). T.M. serves  as an unpaid editorial board member of Journal of Thoracic Disease from October  2024 to September 2026.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://jtd.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/jtd-24-1853/coif). M.C. reports  funding from the Young Scientists Fund of the National Natural Science  Foundation of China (No.
Author information: (1)Cardiothoracic Department, Thoracic Surgery Unit, Spedali Civili, Brescia,  Italy. (2)Cardiothoracic and Vascular Department, Thoracic Surgery Unit, Azienda  Ospedaliera Universitaria Senese, Siena, Italy. (3)Department of Cardiac, Thoracic, Vascular Sciences and Public Health,  University Hospital of Padova, Padova, Italy. (4)Division of Thoracic Surgery, IRCSS Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria,  Bologna, Italy. (5)Thoracic Surgery Unit, Ospedale dell'Angelo, Venezia Mestre, Italy. (6)Thoracic Surgery Unit, Department of Precision and Regenerative Medicine and  Ionian Area (DIMEPREJ), University Hospital of Bari, Bari, Italy. (7)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Santa Maria della Misericordia  University Hospital, Udine, Italy. (8)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Scientific Institute and University  Vita-Salute Ospedale San Raffaele, Milan, Italy. (9)Department of Thoracic Surgery, A.O.U.
Int J Chron Obstruct Pulmon Dis. 2025 Jul 14;20:2393-2408. doi:  10.2147/COPD.S531611.
INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most common metabolic  complication of pregnancy, is associated with a 50% increase in subsequent risk  for type 2 diabetes. There is increasing interest in identifying biomarkers that  may facilitate the stratification of subsequent type 2 diabetes risk among women  with GDM. In this study, we considered the choline acetyltransferase (ChAT)  gene. CHAT plays a critical role in acetylcholine synthesis and regulates  insulin secretion from the pancreatic islet to maintain glucose homeostasis. METHODS: We screened for deleterious variants in the ChAT gene in 12 GDM  patients and 10 ethnically matched controls from a South African cohort. We  isolated DNA from the placental samples of these patients and performed DNA  sequencing of the protein-coding region of the ChAT gene. Sequence alignments  and variant annotations were done using UGENE software and Ensembl VEP. RESULTS: A novel heterozygous missense variant in exon 8 of the ChAT gene was  identified. The plausible phenotypic impact of the variant ChAT  (NM_020549.5):c.1213C>G (p.Leu405Val) can be explained by haploinsufficiency,  changing protein activities, strong transcription activity, and epigenetic  repression activities of the variant.
Conflict of interest statement: Shuilin Wu is an editorial board member for  Bioactive Materials and was not involved in the editorial review or the decision  to publish this article. Yufeng Zheng is an editor in chief for Bioactive  Materials and was not involved in the editorial review or the decision to  publish this article.All authors declare that there are no competing interests.
Conflict of interest statement: J.F.T.
Conflict of interest statement: One or more of the authors has declared the  following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: C.C.K.
Conflict of interest statement: H.N. is a co-founder and shareholder of  Megakaryon, Corp.
The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Society of  Radiotherapy & Oncology.
Res Pharm Sci. 2025 Jun 17;20(3):456-468. doi: 10.4103/RPS.RPS_9_24.
Res Pharm Sci. 2025 Jun 17;20(3):392-407. doi: 10.4103/RPS.RPS_9_25.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have  completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at  https://tcr.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/tcr-2024-2589/coif). F.S. has  participated in an advisory board for OncoHost and received honoraria from MJH  Life Sciences.
Author information: (1)Department of Sericulture, Raiganj University, North Dinajpur, Raiganj, West  Bengal 733134, India. (2)Centre for Molecular Neuroscience, Kasturba Medical College, Manipal Academy  of Higher Education, Manipal 576104, India. (3)Department of Medical Biology, Hamidiye International School of Medicine,  University of Health Sciences Türkiye, Uskudar, Istanbul 34668, Türkiye. (4)Department of Microbiology, Calcutta University, Ballygunge Circular Road,  Kolkata 700019, West Bengal, India. (5)Wolaita Sodo University, P.O. Box 138, Wolaita Sodo, South Ethiopia Regional  State 4620, Ethiopia.
Conflict of interest statement: K.K.K.N. and M.Y. have filed patents/patent  applications based on the data generated from this work.
Conflict of interest statement: G.S.O.
ObjectiveCholangiocarcinoma is a lethal malignancy with an increasing incidence  and mortality worldwide. Numerous studies have indicated that high-mobility  group box 1 is associated with cancer progression. The modulation of subcellular  high-mobility group box 1 expression is a major cause of chemotherapeutic drug  resistance. This study aimed to demonstrate the role of high-mobility group box  1 in cholangiocarcinoma, including proving the concept of high-mobility group  box 1 expression in patients with cholangiocarcinoma, cancer cell growth,  migration, invasion, and the modulation of chemotherapeutic drug sensitivity in  cholangiocarcinoma cells.MethodsTwenty paraffin-embedded tissue samples were  analyzed for high-mobility group box 1 expression using immunohistochemistry.
Author information: (1)School of Advanced Sciences, Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, Tamil  Nadu, 632014, India. (2)Colloids and Polymers Research Group, School of Chemical Engineering, Vellore  Institute of Technology, Vellore, Tamil Nadu, 632014, India. (3)Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering, King Faisal  University, Al-Ahsa, Saudi Arabia. (4)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, King Saud University, P.O. Box  2455, Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
ObjectivesUnited Kingdom (UK) guidelines recommend delaying cervical screening  due during pregnancy to 12 weeks postnatal, despite a lack of supporting  evidence. This questionnaire-based study aimed to determine the feasibility of a  clinical study of cervical screening and urine self-sampling for human  papillomavirus (HPV) at 6 weeks postnatal, as pilot work suggested this would  improve uptake, if offered at the routine postnatal check-up.MethodsFemales who  were pregnant/recently pregnant were invited to participate in a web-based  questionnaire.
BackgroundIntracranial high-flow vascular malformations greatly alter neonatal  cerebral hemodynamics and can cause significant morbidity and mortality. X-ray  digital subtraction angiography (DSA) is the standard of care to assess  angioarchitecture and plan for intervention, but exposes patients to radiation  and procedural risks, and only allows for subjective interpretation. Objective  noninvasive assessment of hemodynamics could improve prognostication. Data on  normal or abnormal cerebral hemodynamics in neonates is limited due to the lack  of readily available and validated methods. 4D flow MRI may offer noninvasive  quantitative assessment of hemodynamic metrics to gain a better understanding of  pathophysiology and may one day help to guide endovascular intervention. Here,  we explore the feasibility of 4D flow MRI for the assessment of high-flow  vascular malformations and present our initial experience.MethodsRetrospective  analysis of 4D flow MRI studies was performed for five children with high-flow  vascular malformations before and/or after embolization of their lesions.
BackgroundIntracranial aneurysm (IA) pathogenesis involves complex interplay  between genetic predisposition and focal extracellular matrix (ECM) membrane  degradation and inflammatory processes. We aimed to identify key differentially  expressed genes (DEGs) that serve as hub genes (major genes with large networks)  associated with IAs.MethodsWe conducted a comprehensive search of available Gene  Expression Omnibus (GEO) databases for IA tissue from database inception to  January 2024.
BackgroundGlobally, coffee and tea are consumed extensively, potentially  providing neuroprotection through anti-inflammatory and antioxidative stress  effects.ObjectiveThis study aimed to investigate associations between coffee and  tea intake and cognitive function.MethodsIn a longitudinal prospective cohort  study, dementia-free (n = 8715; age range 60.
Plain Language Summary: Biomarker tests like Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay  (ELISA) are often done using duplicate testing (i.e. each sample is included  twice, and the average of the two replicates is used) to ensure accurate  results. However, doing this can increase errors and lead to failed tests,  especially when done by hand. It also takes more time, effort, and  materials.This study looked at whether testing each sample just once (called  singlicate testing) could still give reliable results.
Author information: (1)Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Soft Matter Science and Engineering,  State Key Laboratory of Organic-Inorganic Composites, State Key Laboratory of  Chemical Resource Engineering, Beijing Laboratory of Biomedical Materials,  Bionanomaterials & Translational Engineering Laboratory, Beijing Key Laboratory  of Bioprocess, Beijing University of Chemical Technology, Beijing, 100029, P.R.  China.
Conflict of interest statement: Y.L. reports financial support was provided by  the University of California, Los Angeles Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center.
BackgroundThere is still need for a better understanding of which specific  follow-up medical assessments might offer greater predictive value for  diagnostic conversion from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to Alzheimer's  disease (AD).ObjectiveTo examine the longitudinal predictive importance of  follow-up medical assessments to detect diagnostic conversion from MCI to  AD.MethodsA sample of 572 participants from the ADNI database with valid data at  baseline medical visit were included.
Triboelectric nanogenerators (TENGs) offer a sustainable, battery-free solution  for wearable electronics by converting motion into energy. However, direct skin  contact poses bacterial contamination risks, requiring advanced antibacterial  strategies. This study developed an on-demand antibacterial platform based on  TENG-induced electrical stimulation of Cu2S substrates, benchmarked against  Cu2O. Submicron-structured Cu2S layers were fabricated via a novel sulfurization  method applied to electrodeposited Cu2O layers on fluorine-doped tin oxide (FTO)  substrates. The resulting Cu2S and Cu2O thin films were integrated into a  single-electrode TENG system, and their antibacterial efficacy was evaluated  under electrical stimulation driven by a Kapton-FTO TENG.Experimental results  revealed that a 10-min finger-tapping-generated electrical current from the TENG  significantly enhanced the antibacterial performance of Cu2S, increasing its  efficacy against bacterial models of Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli  from 25% to 70% and from 55% to 100%, respectively.
Author information: (1)Laboratory of Innovative Technologies (LIT), National School of Applied  Sciences, Abdelmalek Essaadi University, Tangier, Morocco. (2)Engineering, Systems and Applications Laboratory, National School of Applied  Sciences, Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University, Fez, Morocco. (3)National School of Applied Sciences, Cadi Ayyad University, Marrakech,  Morocco. h.karmouni@uca.ac.ma. (4)Department of Statistics and Operations Research, College of Science, King  Saud University, P.O. Box 2455, 11451, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Advanced Computing for Health Sciences, Computational Sciences and  Engineering Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN. (2)Department of Psychiatry, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH. (3)Division of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati  Children's Hospital Medical Center, University of Cincinnati College of  Medicine, Cincinnati, OH. (4)IT Services Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN. (5)Division of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati  Children's Hospital Medical Center, University of Cincinnati College of  Medicine, Cincinnati, OH. Electronic address: Tracy.Glauser@cchmc.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest This work was  supported by Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center under Strategic  Partnership Projects agreement NFE-21-08617. The authors report no conflicts of  interest. Notice: Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Advanced Manufacturing Technology  Laboratory, Coimbatore Institute of Technology, Coimbatore-641014, Tamilnadu,  India. Electronic address: balajiayyanar.c@cit.edu.in. (2)Biomaterial & Biomedical Research Lab, Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences  & Technology, Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi-835215. (3)International and Inter-University Centre for Nanoscience and Nanotechnology,  School of Chemical Sciences, School of Polymer Science and Technology, Mahatma  Gandhi University, Kottayam 686 560, Kerala, India, Department of Physics &  Electronics, CHRIST University, Bangalore, India, Department of Chemical  Sciences, University of Johannesburg, P.O. Box 17011, Doornfontein, 2028  Johannesburg, South Africa.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI, 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239, USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen  Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ, 85724-5050, USA.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239, USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Distinguished Professor and Chair, Department of  Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ, 85724-5050, USA.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR 97239 USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen  Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ 85724-5050, USA.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)University of Belgrade, Multidisciplinary PhD Studies, Biomedical Engineering  and Technology, Studentski Trg 1, 11000, Belgrade, Serbia. Electronic address:  nherendija@yahoo.com. (2)University of Belgrade, Faculty of Dental Medicine, Dr Subotića 8, 11000,  Belgrade, Serbia. Electronic address: milica.jaksic@stomf.bg.ac.rs. (3)University of Belgrade, Institute of Chemistry, Technology and Metallurgy,  Department of Electrochemistry, Njegoševa 12, 11000, Belgrade, Serbia.  Electronic address: m.pantovic@ihtm.bg.ac.rs. (4)University of Belgrade, Institute of Chemistry, Technology and Metallurgy,  Department of Electrochemistry, Njegoševa 12, 11000, Belgrade, Serbia.  Electronic address: miroslav.pavlovic@ihtm.bg.ac.rs. (5)University of Belgrade, Institute for Medical Research, Department of  Molecular Oncology, Dr. Subotića 4, 11129, Belgrade, Serbia. Electronic address:  oliveram@imi.bg.ac.rs. (6)Institute of Technical Sciences of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts,  Knez Mihailova 35/IV, P.O. Box 377, 11000, Belgrade, Serbia.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Polymer Engineering and Color Technology, Amirkabir University  of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), Tehran, P.O. Box 15875-4413, Iran.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Process Engineering and Applied Science, Dalhousie University,  Halifax, Nova Scotia B3H 4R2, Canada. Electronic address: Sonia.Kumar@dal.
Author information: (1)Professor, Department of Endocrinology, AKESO, Prague 5, Czech Republic (2)Department of Medical Oncology, St Luke’s Cancer Institute, Boise, ID. (3)1(st) Faculty of Medicine, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic.  TumorShot, Safarikova 17, Prague 2, 120 00 (4)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (5)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (6)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (7)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (8)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (9)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (10)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
Pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas (PPGLs) are rare neuroendocrine tumors  arising from chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla or neural crest progenitors  located outside of the adrenal gland, respectively. These tumors are derived  from either sympathetic tissue in the adrenal or extra-adrenal abdominal  locations (sympathetic PPGLs) or parasympathetic tissue in the thorax, head, and  neck (parasympathetic PPGLs). The clinical presentation is so variable that a  PPGL has been described as “the great masquerader”(1). The extensive signs and  symptoms of PPGLs arise from the hemodynamic and metabolic effects of the  catecholamines that these tumors produce, store, and secrete. Therefore, a  thorough understanding of these tumors’ physiology, genetics, and  pathophysiology is vital for providing optimal care, as discussed in detail in  this chapter. Recent advances have greatly enhanced our understanding of PPGLs,  providing a new viewpoint on their metastatic features, a classification of  these tumors according to their genetic profiles, and, most recently, an  analysis of their immune characteristics. Additionally, there has been a better  understanding of catecholamine metabolism, its clinical implications for  particular tumor phenotypes, and the development of specific imaging features.  The newer targeted therapies for metastatic PPGLs are based on our improved  understanding of tumor biology and the design of new PPGL-specific compounds  with fewer side effects. There has been extensive research in the field of PPGLs  in the last decade that has shed new light on genetics and multiple possible  metabolic and other pathways that participate in the pathogenesis of these  tumors. This article details the current literature on diagnosing and managing  PPGLs, focusing on recent advancements in the field. For complete coverage of  all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text,  WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Author information: (1)Neuropathology Laboratory, The Walton Centre NHS Foundation Trust, Lower  Lane, Fazakerley, Liverpool L9 7LJ, UK. Molecular and Clinical Cancer Medicine,  Faculty of Health & Life Sciences, University of Liverpool, Brownlow Hill,  Liverpool, L69 3GB, UK. (2)Department of Neuroradiology, Queen’s Medical Centre Campus, Nottingham  University Hospitals NHS Trust, Nottingham, NG7 2UH, UK. (3)Academic Unit of Neuropathology, Nuffield Department of Clinical  Neurosciences, University of Oxford, Level 1, West Wing, John Radcliffe  Hospital, OX3 9DU. (4)Professor of Medicine Emeritus, University of California, San Francisco, CA (5)Developmental Endocrinology Research Group, University of Glasgow, Glasgow,  UK (6)Chief of Medicine at the University of Washington Medical Center and  Professor and Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine, University of Washington (7)Sr. Physician Scientist, Washington DC VA Medical Center; Professor of  Medicine & Rehabilitation Medicine, Georgetown University; Clinical Professor of  Medicine, Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, George Washington University; and  Professor of Medicine (Part-time), Johns Hopkins University (8)Pediatric Endocrinologist and Associate Research Physician in the Skeletal  Diseases and Mineral Homeostasis Section, National Institute of Dental and  Craniofacial Research, National Institutes of Health (9)Professor of Pediatrics and Endocrinology, Division of Endocrinology,  Metabolism and Diabetes, First Department of Pediatrics, National and  Kapodistrian University of Athens Medical School, "Aghia Sophia" Children's  Hospital, Athens, Greece (10)M.D. Ph.D in Gerontology.
The pituitary gland is an organ of dual origin. The anterior part  (adenohypophysis) arises from embryonic buccal mucosa, whereas the posterior  part (neurohypophysis) derives from neural ectoderm. Precise spatial and  temporal co-ordination of transcription factor expression in both structures is  critical for pituitary gland formation and the differentiation of  hormone-producing cells. Disruption of this regulation, for instance by  transcription factor mutation, can lead to numerous developmental disorders and  disturbances in endocrine function and regulation. We provide an overview of the  molecular drivers of pituitary organogenesis and illustrate the anatomy and  histology of the mature pituitary gland, comprising adenohypophysis (anterior  lobe), neurohypophysis (posterior lobe), pars intermedia (intermediate lobe),  and infundibulum (pituitary stalk). For complete coverage of all related areas  of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden,  the Netherlands. (2)Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San  Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA; Department of Bioengineering, University of  California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA; Moores Cancer Center, University  of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA. (3)Institute of Cancer and Genomic Sciences, University of Birmingham,  Birmingham, UK. (4)Department of Pathology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, the  Netherlands. (5)Sequencing Analysis Support Core, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences,  Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, the Netherlands. (6)Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San  Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA; Department of Bioengineering, University of  California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA; Moores Cancer Center, University  of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA; Digital Genomics Group,  Structural Biology Program, Spanish National Cancer Research Center (CNIO),  28029 Madrid, Spain. (7)Princess Maxima Center for Pediatric Oncology, Utrecht, the Netherlands;  Department of Genetics, University Medical Center Utrecht, University of  Utrecht, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (8)Department of Clinical Genetics, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam,  the Netherlands. (9)Princess Maxima Center for Pediatric Oncology, Utrecht, the Netherlands. (10)Department of Clinical Genetics, Children's Health Ireland (CHI) at Crumlin,  Dublin, Ireland. (11)Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB), Universitair Ziekenhuis Brussel (UZ  Brussel), Clinical Sciences, Research Group Genetics, Reproduction, and  Development, Centre for Medical Genetics, Brussels, Belgium. (12)Princess Maxima Center for Pediatric Oncology, Utrecht, the Netherlands;  Division of Childhealth, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, the  Netherlands. (13)Centre of Reproductive Medicine and Andrology, Department of Clinical and  Surgical Andrology, University Hospital Münster, Münster, Germany. (14)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Leiden University Medical Center,  Leiden, the Netherlands. (15)Princess Maxima Center for Pediatric Oncology, Utrecht, the Netherlands;  Department of Pathology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, the  Netherlands. (16)Department of Human Genetics, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition, and  Behaviour, Radboud University Medical Center, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. (17)Centre of Medical Genetics, Institute of Reproductive Genetics, University  and University Hospital of Münster, Münster, Germany. (18)Pediatric Endocrinology, Clalit Health Services, Afula, Israel; The Ruth and  Bruce Rappaport Faculty of Medicine, Technion, Haifa, Israel. (19)Department of Human Genetics, Radboud University Medical Center, Radboud  Institute for Molecular Life Sciences, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. (20)Centre for Regenerative Medicine, Institute for Stem Cell Research, School  of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK. (21)Oncology Section and Molecular Biology Laboratory, Hospital of  Gastroenterology "Dr. C.B. Udaondo", Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests M.M. serves on the  medical advisory board of the German Heredo Ataxia Society (DHAG) and received  honoraria from Biogen, unrelated to this research.
Conflict of interest statement: H.Z. has served on scientific advisory boards  and/or as a consultant for Abbvie, Acumen, Alector, Alzinova, ALZpath, Amylyx,  Annexon, Apellis, Artery Therapeutics, AZTherapies, Cognito Therapeutics, CogRx,  Denali, Eisai, Enigma, LabCorp, Merry Life, Nervgen, Novo Nordisk, Optoceutics,  Passage Bio, Pinteon Therapeutics, Prothena, Quanterix, Red Abbey Labs, reMYND,  Roche, Samumed, Siemens Healthineers, Triplet Therapeutics, and Wave; has given  lectures sponsored by Alzecure, BioArctic, Biogen, Cellectricon, Fujirebio,  Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Roche, and WebMD; and is a co‐founder of Brain Biomarker  Solutions in Gothenburg AB (BBS), which is a part of the GU Ventures Incubator  Program (outside submitted work).
Lewy Body Dementia Association and The Author(s). Alzheimer's & Dementia  published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Alzheimer's Association. This  article has been contributed to by U.S. Government employees and their work is  in the public domain in the USA.
Spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 (SCA3) is a neurodegenerative disease whose exact  disease pathogenesis is not yet fully understood. We performed a genetic  in-depth analysis of ataxin-2 (ATXN2), a gene that has already been described as  a modulator of neurodegenerative diseases. We focused on the influence of an  intermediate CAG repeat, a 9bp duplication (9bp), and isoform expression of  ATXN2 on the pathogenesis of SCA3.Clinical and genetic data from a large  European SCA3 cohort (total 390 probands) were analyzed.
Author information: (1)The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, School of Public  Health, Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Preventive and Translational Medicine for  Geriatric Diseases, MOE Key Laboratory of Geriatric Diseases and Immunology,  Suzhou Medical College of Soochow University, Suzhou, 215123, Jiangsu, P.R.  China.
Author information: (1)National Institute of Health Research Moorfields Biomedical Research Centre,  Moorfields Eye Hospital, London, UK. (2)Centre for Clinical Trials, AIBILI / Association for Innovation and  Biomedical Research on Light and Image, Coimbra, Portugal. (3)Centre d'Investigation Clinique, Centre National d'Ophtalmologie des  Quinze-Vingts, Paris, France. (4)Department of Ophthalmology, Radboud University Medical Centre, Nijmegen,  Netherlands. (5)IRCCS Fondazione G.B. Bietti per lo Studio e la Ricerca in Oftalmologia  ONLUS, Rome, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: A.M.V.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: The Authors declare the  following competing interests: J.Q.D.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures C.H.T.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE, 20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI, 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. Dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239, USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Distinguished Professor and Chair, Department of  Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ, 85724-5050, USA.
Author information: (1)Research Institute for Fragrance Materials, Inc., 1200 MacArthur Boulevard,  Suite 306, Mahwah, NJ, 07430, USA. (2)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Columbia University Medical Center,  Department of Dermatology, 161 Fort Washington Ave., New York, NY, 10032, USA. (3)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Malmo University Hospital,  Department of Occupational & Environmental Dermatology, Sodra Forstadsgatan 101,  Entrance 47, Malmo, SE-20502, Sweden. (4)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne  State University, 42 W. Warren Ave., Detroit, MI, 48202, USA. (5)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, School of Natural Resources &  Environment, University of Michigan, Dana Building G110, 440 Church St., Ann  Arbor, MI, 58109, USA. (6)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Liverpool John Moores University,  School of Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences, Liverpool, United Kingdom. (7)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Sao Paulo, School of  Veterinary Medicine and Animal Science, Department of Pathology, Av. Prof. dr.  Orlando Marques de Paiva, 87, Sao Paulo, CEP 05508-900, Brazil. (8)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Wuerzburg, Department  of Toxicology, Versbacher Str. 9, 97078, Würzburg, Germany. (9)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Oregon Health & Science University,  3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, OR, 97239, USA. (10)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Rutgers University Ernest Mario  School of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, 160 Frelinghuysen  Road, Piscataway, NJ, 08854, USA. (11)Member of Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, University of Pennsylvania,  Perelman School of Medicine, Center of Excellence in Environmental Toxicology,  1316 Biomedical Research Building (BRB) II/III, 421 Curie Boulevard,  Philadelphia, PA, 19104-3083, USA. (12)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Utrecht University, Institute for  Risk Assessment Sciences (IRAS), Netherlands. (13)Member Expert Panel for Fragrance Safety, Department of Pharmacology,  University of Arizona, College of Medicine, 1501 North Campbell Avenue, P.O. Box  245050, Tucson, AZ, 85724-5050, USA.
Author information: (1)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, Children's  Research Center, University Children's Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich,  Lenggstrasse 30, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address:  patrick.meyersauteur@kispi.uzh.ch. (2)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, Children's  Research Center, University Children's Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich,  Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address: semjon.sidorov@kispi.uzh.ch. (3)Bacteriology Department, Bordeaux University Hospital, National Reference  Center for Bacterial Sexually Transmitted Infections, Bordeaux, France.  Electronic address: sabine.pereyre@u-bordeaux.fr. (4)Bacteriology Department, Bordeaux University Hospital, National Reference  Center for Bacterial Sexually Transmitted Infections, Bordeaux, France.  Electronic address: marie.gardette@chu-bordeaux.fr. (5)Bacteriology Laboratory, Division of Laboratory Medicine, Department of  Diagnostics, Geneva University Hospitals, Geneva, Switzerland. Electronic  address: adrien.fischer@hug.ch. (6)Pediatric Infectious Diseases Unit, Department of Pediatrics, Gynecology and  Obstetrics, Geneva University Hospital, Geneva, Switzerland. Electronic address:  noemie.wagner@hug.ch. (7)Laboratories, Clinique de La Source, Lausanne, Switzerland. Electronic  address: b.lemaire@lasource.ch. (8)Laboratories, Clinique de La Source, Lausanne, Switzerland. Electronic  address: a.vitale@lasource.ch. (9)Institute of Microbiology, Lausanne University Hospital and University of  Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. Electronic address: gilbert.greub@chuv.ch. (10)Institute of Microbiology, Lausanne University Hospital and University of  Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. Electronic address: rene.brouillet@chuv.ch. (11)Institute of Microbiology, Lausanne University Hospital and University of  Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. Electronic address: onya.opota@chuv.ch. (12)Department of Pediatrics, Fribourg Hospital and University of Fribourg,  Fribourg, Switzerland. Electronic address: petra.zimmermann@unifr.ch. (13)Department of Pediatrics, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University  of Bern, Switzerland. Electronic address: philipp.agyeman@insel.ch. (14)Department of Pediatrics, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University  of Bern, Switzerland. Electronic address: christoph.aebi@insel.ch. (15)Pediatric Infectious Diseases, Department of Pediatrics, Children's Hospital  of Central Switzerland, Lucerne, Switzerland. Electronic address:  michael.buettcher@luks.ch. (16)Medical Microbiology, Lucerne Cantonal Hospital, Switzerland. Electronic  address: irena.mitrovic@luks.ch. (17)Pediatric Research Center, Children's Hospital of Central Switzerland,  Lucerne, Switzerland. Electronic address: marisa.hostettler@luks.ch. (18)Institute of Laboratory Medicine, Ente Ospedaliero Cantonale, Bellinzona,  Switzerland. Electronic address: valeria.gaia@eoc.ch. (19)Institute of Pediatrics of Southern Switzerland, EOC, Bellinzona,  Switzerland. Electronic address: lisa.kottanattu@eoc.ch. (20)Division of Infectious Diseases, EOC, Lugano, Switzerland. Electronic  address: marco.bongiovanni@eoc.ch. (21)Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Zurich, Zurich,  Switzerland. Electronic address: imkamp@imm.uzh.ch. (22)Institute of Medical Microbiology, University of Zurich, Zurich,  Switzerland. Electronic address: aegli@imm.uzh.ch. (23)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, Children's  Research Center, University Children's Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich,  Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address: christoph.berger@kispi.uzh.ch. (24)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, Children's  Research Center, University Children's Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich,  Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address: ester.osuna@kispi.uzh.ch. (25)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, Children's  Research Center, University Children's Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich,  Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address: elena.robinson@kispi.uzh.ch. (26)Department of Infectious Diseases, Triemli Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  Switzerland. Electronic address: benjamin.preiswerk@stadtspital.ch. (27)Department of Infectious Diseases, Triemli Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  Switzerland. Electronic address: adrian.schibli@stadtspital.ch. (28)Department of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, University  Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address:  silvio.brugger@usz.ch. (29)Department of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, University  Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. Electronic address:  diego.gilcordeiro@usz.ch. (30)Children's Hospital of Eastern Switzerland, St Gallen, Switzerland.  Electronic address: anita.niederer@kispisg.ch. (31)Center for Laboratory Medicine, St. Gallen, Switzerland. Electronic address:  guenter.dollenmaier@zlmsg.ch. (32)Cantonal Hospital Aarau, Switzerland. Electronic address:  florence.barbey@ksa.ch. (33)Clinical Bacteriology and Mycology, University Hospital Basel, Basel,  Switzerland. Electronic address: branislav.ivan@usb.ch. (34)Clinical Bacteriology and Mycology, University Hospital Basel, Basel,  Switzerland. Electronic address: petermichael.keller@usb.ch. (35)Department of Infectious Diseases and Vaccinology, University of Basel  Children's Hospital (UKBB), Switzerland. Electronic address:  ulrich.heininger@ukbb.ch. (36)Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, University  Hospital Basel, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland. Electronic address:  sarah.tschudin@usb.ch. (37)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hygiene, Saarland University, Homburg,  Germany. Electronic address: soeren.becker@uks.eu. (38)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hygiene, Saarland University, Homburg,  Germany. Electronic address: cihan.papan@ukbonn.de. (39)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hygiene, Saarland University, Homburg,  Germany. Electronic address: nina.buehler@uks.eu. (40)Institute for Hygiene and Microbiology, University of Würzburg, Würzburg,  Germany. Electronic address: johannes.forster1@uni-wuerzburg.de. (41)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hospital Hygiene, Heinrich-Heine  University Hospital, Düsseldorf, Germany. Electronic address:  birgit.henrich@med.uni-duesseldorf.de. (42)Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hospital Hygiene, Heinrich-Heine  University Hospital, Düsseldorf, Germany. Electronic address:  colin.mackenzie@hhu.de. (43)Experimental Pediatric Pneumology and Allergology, Center for Biomedical  Education and Research (ZBAF), Department of Human Medicine, Faculty of Health,  Witten/Herdecke University, Witten, Germany. Electronic address:  malik.aydin@uni-wh.de. (44)TU Dresden, University Hospital Carl Gustav Carus, Institute of Medical  Microbiology and Virology, Dresden, Germany. Electronic address:  roger.dumke@ukdd.de. (45)Epidemiology of Infectious Diseases, Sciensano, Brussels, Belgium.  Electronic address: claire.brugerolles@sciensano.be. (46)Epidemiology of Infectious Diseases, Sciensano, Brussels, Belgium.  Electronic address: nathalie.bossuyt@sciensano.be. (47)Department of Microbiology, Belgian National Reference Centre for  Respiratory Pathogens, Antwerp University Hospital, Edegem, Belgium. Electronic  address: veerle.matheeussen@uza.be. (48)Medical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases, Erasmus MC University Medical  Center, Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Electronic address:  m.vanwestreenen@erasmusmc.nl. (49)Medical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases, Erasmus Medical Center,  Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Electronic address: marius.vogel@erasmusmc.nl. (50)Department of Internal Medicine, Spaarne Gasthuis, Haarlem/Hoofddorp, The  Netherlands. Electronic address: s.van.lelyveld@spaarnegasthuis.nl. (51)Regional Public Health Laboratory Kennemerland, Haarlem, The Netherlands.  Electronic address: d.souverein@streeklabhaarlem.nl. (52)Regional Public Health Laboratory Kennemerland, Haarlem, The Netherlands.  Electronic address: j.kalpoe@streeklabhaarlem.nl. (53)Regional Public Health Laboratory Kennemerland, Haarlem, The Netherlands.  Electronic address: s.euser@streeklabhaarlem.nl. (54)Department of Intensive Care Medicine, Spaarne Gasthuis, Haarlem/Hoofddorp,  The Netherlands. Electronic address: mgoeijenbier@spaarnegasthuis.nl. (55)Department of Pulmonary Medicine, Spaarne Gasthuis, Haarlem/Hoofddorp, The  Netherlands. Electronic address: dsnijders@spaarnegasthuis.nl. (56)Laboratory for Medical Microbiology and Immunology, Dicoon, Elst, the  Netherlands. Electronic address: jacky.flipse@dicoon.nl. (57)Laboratory for Medical Microbiology and Immunology, Dicoon, Elst, The  Netherlands. Electronic address: theun.degroot@dicoon.nl. (58)Department of Medical Microbiology and Immunology, Gelderse Vallei, Ede, The  Netherlands. Electronic address: mheuvelmans@zgv.nl. (59)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  baharak.afshar@ukhsa.gov.uk. (60)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  sendurann.nadarajah@ukhsa.gov.uk. (61)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  rebecca.thombre@ukhsa.gov.uk. (62)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  anna.lewis@ukhsa.gov.uk. (63)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  hannah.bransburybeare@ukhsa.gov.uk. (64)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  kaydee.hostensandy@ukhsa.gov.uk. (65)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  kanchana.gunasekara@ukhsa.gov.uk. (66)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  nita.doshi@ukhsa.gov.uk. (67)Respiratory and Vaccine Preventable Bacteria Reference Unit (RVPBRU), UK  Health Security Agency (UKHSA), London, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  jessica.leverton@ukhsa.gov.uk. (68)Public Health Wales, Wales, Cardiff, United Kingdom. Electronic address:  Panoraia.Kalapotharakou@wales.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests C.M.K.
Author information: (1)The First Affiliated Hospital of Ningbo University, Ningbo 315020, China;  Ningbo Key Laboratory of Multi-Omics & Multimodal Biomedical Data Mining and  Computing, Ningbo 315020, China. (2)The First Affiliated Hospital of Ningbo University, Ningbo 315020, China. (3)Guangdong-Hong Kong Joint Laboratory for Soil and Groundwater Pollution  Control, School of Environmental Science and Engineering, Southern University of  Scienceand Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China. (4)U.S. Geological Survey, Columbia Environmental Research Center, Columbia, MO  65201, USA.
Author information: (1)Departments of Pediatrics and Molecular Virology and Microbiology, Baylor  College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA. Electronic address: florm@bcm.edu. (2)Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany and LSTMH, London, UK.  Electronic address: Beate.Kampmann@lshtm.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest T.M.W.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Electrical and Biomedical Engineering, University of Vermont,  USA; Surgical Operating Unit, Medtronic, USA. Electronic address:  marit.e.scott@medtronic.com. (2)Department of Electrical and Biomedical Engineering, University of Vermont,  USA; Department of Orthopaedics and Rehabilitation, University of Vermont, USA.  Electronic address: Bruce.Beynnon@med.
Author information: (1)Breast Cancer Radiation Therapy Unit, at Sheba Medical Center, Ramat Gan,  Israel; Gray School of Medical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Israel. Electronic  address: Orit.KaidarPerson@sheba.
Author information: (1)Radiology and Nuclear Medicine Department, DIBI-Hospital del Mar, Barcelona,  Spain; Department of Medicine and Life Science (MELIS), Universitat Pompeu  Fabra, Barcelona, Spain. Electronic address: javier.azcona.saenz@hmar.cat. (2)Department of Biomedical Imaging and Image-guided Therapy, Allgemeines  Krankenhaus, Medical University of Vienna, Währinger Gürtel 18-20, 1090 Vienna,  Austria. (3)Department of Radiology, University of Cambridge School of Clinical Medicine,  Cambridge, UK; Department of Radiology, Addenbrookes Hospital, Cambridge  University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Cambridge, UK. Electronic address:  ia359@cam.ac.uk. (4)The Royal Melbourne Hospital, Grattan Street Parkville 3052 Victoria,  Australia; The Royal Women's Hospital, Flemington Road, Parkville 3052 Victoria  Australia; The University of Melbourne Parkville 3052 Victoria Australia.  Electronic address: allison.rose@mh.org.au. (5)Department of Radiology, Acibadem Mehmet Ali Aydinlar University, School of  Medicine, Istanbul, Turkey. (6)Department of Radiology, Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus, Université  Paris-Saclay, 94800 Villejuif, France; Biomaps, UMR1281 INSERM, CEA, CNRS,  University Paris-Saclay, Institut Gustave Roussy, 94800 Villejuif, France.  Electronic address: corinne.balleyguier@gustaveroussy.fr. (7)Breast Imaging Unit, Department of Radiology, Azienda Ospedaliero,  Universitaria Careggi, 50134 Firenze, Italy. (8)Imaging Department, A.C.Camargo Cancer Center, São Paulo, Brazil; DASA, São  Paulo, Brazil.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors  declare that they have no know competing financial interests or personal  relationships that could have appeard to influence the work reported in this  paper.Outside of the submitted work, Javier Azcona Sáenz reports speaker roles  for BD, GE Healthcare and Bayer Healthcare.
Author information: (1)Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, B.S.R.C. "Alexander Fleming",  16672 Athens, Greece; Department of Biochemistry & Biotechnology, University of  Thessaly, 41500 Larissa, Greece.
Author information: (1)Department of Chemistry, College of Science, University of Jeddah, Jeddah,  Saudi Arabia. (2)Department of Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technology, Faculty of Allied  Medical Sciences, Applied Science Private University, Amman, 11931-166, Jordan. (3)Department of Anesthesia Technologies, College of Health Technology, Cihan  University-Erbil, Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq. (4)Department of Chemistry, College of Education, Salahaddin University-Erbil,  Erbil, 44001, Iraq. (5)Department of Medical Laboratory Technology, Erbil Technical Health and  Medical College, Erbil Polytechnic University, Erbil, 44001, Iraq.  ahmed.abuljabbar@epu.edu.iq. (6)Department of Medical Microbiology, College of Science, Knowledge University,  Kirkuk Road, Erbil, 44001, Iraq. (7)Department of Nursing, Lebanese French University, Erbil, Kurdistan Region,  Iraq. (8)College of Nursing, University of Altoosi, Al-Najaf, Iraq. (9)Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research, Iraqi Biosafety  Association, Al-Najaf, Iraq. (10)Department of Nursing, Tishk International University, Erbil, Iraq. (11)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, Abu Dhabi  University, P.O. Box 59911, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
ObjectivesBetter integrated health and social or long-term care is high on  government policy agendas in many countries. In England, successive pilot  programmes, with related national evaluations, have been introduced to better  integrate care to meet the needs of people requiring multi-agency help. However,  researchers evaluating such programmes both in England and internationally face  a daunting number of challenges produced by service delivery and research  regulatory systems. This paper analyses the challenges encountered in seeking to  undertake a prospective quasi-experimental evaluation of the impacts of  community based multi-disciplinary teams (MDTs) on patient experience and  outcomes, as part of a wider evaluation of the Integrated Care and Support  Pioneers programme. The paper also identifies a number of general lessons for  research commissioners, study site participants, and those tasked with  undertaking such evaluative research.MethodsWe reviewed our research activities  and timelines from the start of the evaluation.
Author information: (1)Department of Physical Therapy, Faculty of Medicine, University of British  Columbia, Vancouver, Canada. (2)Arthritis Research Canada, Vancouver, Canada. (3)Edwin S.H. Leong Centre for Healthy Aging, Faculty of Medicine, University of  British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.
Conflict of interest statement: Patient and Public Involvement: A physical  therapist with 4 years' of clinical experience was involved in the design,  conduct, reporting, and dissemination of this current study. The authors declare  no conflicts of interest. J.M.L.
Conflict of interest statement: J.D., J.L.P.
This is a U.S. Government work and not under copyright protection in the  US; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Author information: (1)Department of Medical Imaging, Azienda Ospedaliero Universitaria (A.O.U.
Author information: (1)Biomedical Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Khalifa University, PO.  Box 127788, Abu Dhabi, UAE. (2)Electrical, Computer and Biomedical Engineer Department, College of  Engineering, Abu Dhabi University, P.O. Box: 59911, Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.G. and L.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: D.B. is a shareholder and  advisory board member at MindState Design Labs, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Obstetric Medicine, Guy's & St Thomas' Foundation Trust,  London, UK. (2)Excellence Centre for Critical Care Nephrology, King Chulalongkorn Memorial  Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand. (3)Centre of Excellence for Critical Care Nephrology, Faculty of Medicine,  Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand. (4)Division of Nephrology and Hypertension, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (5)Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN,  USA. (6)Program for Critical Care Nephrology, Department of Critical Care Medicine,  University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. (7)Department of Medicine, Pusan National University School of Medicine, Busan,  Republic of Korea. (8)Department of Nephrology, Yasodha Hospitals, Hyderabad, India. (9)Department of Obstetric Medicine, Fernandez Hospitals, Hyderguda, Hyderabad,  India. (10)Division of Nephrology, Jacobi Medical Center, New York City Health and  Hospital Corporation (NYCHHC), Albert Einstein College of Medicine, New York  City, NY, USA. (11)Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, King Abdulaziz University,  Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. (12)Department of Women & Children's Health, School of Life Course & Population  Sciences, King's College London, London, UK. (13)Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, Albany Medical College,  Albany, NY, USA. (14)Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, Hospital Obrero No 2 - Caja  Nacional de Salud, Cochabamba, Bolivia. (15)Department of Pathology, Apollo Health City, Hyderabad, India. (16)Department of Nephrology, University Children's Hospital, University of  Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. (17)Division of Nephrology, Department of Pediatrics, Lucile Packard Children's  Hospital and Stanford University School of Medicine, Palo Alto, CA, USA. (18)Division of Nephrology, School of Medicine, Pontifical Catholic University  of Rio Grande do Sul (PUCRS), Porto Alegre, Brazil. (19)Department of Nephrology, Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and  Research, Chandigarh, India. (20)Department of Nephrology, Osmania Medical College and General Hospital,  Hyderabad, India. (21)Ramdev Rao Hospital, Hyderabad, India. (22)Mansoura Nephrology and Dialysis Unit, Mansoura University, Mansoura, Egypt. (23)Department of Nephrology, JSS Medical College, JSSAHER, Mysuru, India. (24)Department of Women's Health, Barts Health NHS Trust, London, UK. (25)Department of Obstetric Medicine, King's College Hospital NHS Trust, London,  UK. (26)Department of Nephrology, Department of Internal Medicine, National Taiwan  University Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. (27)Department of Nephrology, Gandhi Medical College, Hyderabad, India. (28)Department of Nephrology, Dialysis and Transplantation, San Bortolo  Hospital, International Renal Research Institute of Vicenza, Vicenza, Italy. (29)Department of Medicine, University of California San Diego, San Diego, CA,  USA. (30)Department of Critical Care, King's College London, Guy's & St Thomas'  Hospital, London, UK. Marlies.Ostermann@gstt.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: C.N.-P.
Recent advances in PET image reconstruction have focused on achieving high image  quality and quantitative accuracy. Bayesian penalized likelihood (BPL)  algorithms, such as Q.Clear and HYPER Iterative that have been integrated into  commercial PET systems offer robust image noise suppression and edge  preservation through regularization.
Author information: (1)Department of Sciences and Humanities, School of Engineering and Technology,  Christ University, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. (2)St Joseph's University, 36 Lalbagh Road, Bengaluru, 560027, Karnataka, India. (3)Department of Biomedical Sciences, School of Health Sciences, The Apollo  University, Chittoor, 517127, Andra Pradesh, India. (4)Centre for Digital Health and Precision Medicine, The Apollo University,  Chittoor, 517127, Andra Pradesh, India. (5)P.G. and Research Department of Chemistry, Sree Narayana College, Kollam,  691001, Kerala, India.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: R.S. declares research  support received in the last 3 years from GSK.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: G.S. and D.C.-J.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: J.S. is a scientific  advisor for Arcadia Science.
This document is the tool through which the knowledge developed by biomedical  research is transferred to daily clinical practice. It does not offer standards  of care to which one can refer in acritical and decontextualized manner: these  standards must be able to be expressed, for each individual case, on the basis  of available clinical information, preferences of the patients and other  contextual situations, accurately examined in light of the expertise of  healthcare professionals. It is therefore up to the expertise and judgement of  the professionals, who carefully listen to particular requests and consider the  values expressed by patients, to establish which procedures or treatments are  more appropriate to manage individual clinical cases.The Good Practice (GP) is  organized in two large sections:a main section which, for each topic of  interest, reports a short specific introduction and continues with  recommendations for clinical practice in order to allow the reader to access the  interpretation of the evidence and the recommendations made by the Authors.No.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol. 2025 Jul 18:ajnr.A8934.
Author information: (1)From the Center for Advanced Imaging Innovation and Research (CAI2R) &  Bernard and Irene Schwartz Center for Biomedical Imaging, Department of  Radiology (S.C, P.S, S.S, T.M.S.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  University of Zurich, Switzerland; Department of Cardiology, University Heart  Center, University Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland. (2)Institute for Biomedical engineering, University and ETH Zurich, Switzerland. (3)Gottsegen National Cardiovascular Center, Budapest, Hungary; Physiological  Controls Research Center, University Research and Innovation Center, Óbuda  University, Budapest, Hungary. (4)Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  University of Zurich, Switzerland; Department of Cardiology, University Heart  Center, University Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland;  Institute for Biomedical engineering, University and ETH Zurich, Switzerland. (5)Multidisciplinary Cardiovascular Research Centre & the Department of  Biomedical Imaging, Science, Leeds Institute of Cardiovascular and Metabolic  Medicine, University of Leeds, Leeds, UK. (6)Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  University of Zurich, Switzerland. (7)Department of Internal Medicine I, Cardiology, Angiology and Internal  Intensive Care Medicine, University hospital RWTH Aachen University, Aachen,  Germany. (8)MVZ Diagnostikum Berlin 2020 GmbH, Berlin, Germany. (9)Department of Electrophysiology, HELIOS Heart Center Leipzig at University of  Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany. (10)Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich,  University of Zurich, Switzerland; Department of Cardiology, University Heart  Center, University Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland;  Institute for Biomedical engineering, University and ETH Zurich, Switzerland.  Electronic address: Robert.Manka@usz.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Dermatology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center, Buffalo,  New York; Department of Cell Stress Biology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer  Center, Buffalo, New York. (2)Translation and Clinical Research Institute, Newcastle University, Newcastle  Upon Tyne. (3)Department of Biostatistics & Bioinformatics, Roswell Park Comprehensive  Cancer Center, Buffalo, New York. (4)Melanoma Unit, Dermatology Department, Hospital Clinic Barcelona, University  of Barcelona, Institute of Biomedical Research August Pi Sunyer (IDIBAPS);  CIBERER, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Barcelona, Spain. (5)Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, University of Melbourne,  Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (6)Department of Cancer Prevention & Control, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer  Center, Buffalo, New York. (7)Department of Immunology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center, Buffalo,  New York; Department of Surgical Oncology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer  Center, Buffalo, New York. (8)Department of Dermatology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center, Buffalo,  New York; Department of Cell Stress Biology, Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer  Center, Buffalo, New York. Electronic address: Gyorgy.Paragh@roswellpark.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO  65211, United States of America; Dalton Cardiovascular Research Center,  University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, United States of America; Department  of Pharmacology, A.T. Still University of Health Sciences, Kirksville College of  Osteopathic Medicine, Kirksville, MO 63501, United States of America.
Author information: (1)School of Health and Environmental Science, Korea University College of  Health Science, Seoul, South Korea; Department of Health and Safety Convergence  Science, Korea University Graduate School, Seoul, South Korea. (2)Center for Digital Health, Medical Science Research Institute, Kyung Hee  University College of Medicine, Seoul, South Korea; Department of Precision  Medicine, Kyung Hee University College of Medicine, Seoul, South Korea. (3)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Computational Health Informatics Program, Boston Children's Hospital, and  Harvard Medical School, 401 Park Drive, Boston, MA 02115, USA. Electronic  address: Yingya.Li@childrens.
Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests Z.Z. is a founder of  Analytical Bioscience and serves on the Advisory Board of Cell.
Author information: (1)Shanghai Key Laboratory of Anesthesiology and Brain Functional Modulation,  Clinical Research Center for Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine,  Translational Research Institute of Brain and Brain-Like Intelligence,  Department of Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine, Shanghai Fourth  People's Hospital, School of Medicine, Tongji University, Shanghai 200434,  China; Cancer Center, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200331,  China. (2)State Key Laboratory of Cardiology and Research Center for Translational  Medicine, Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai  200120, China; Cancer Center, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai  200331, China. (3)Institute of Medicinal Biotechnology, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences &  Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100050, China. (4)School of Biomedical Sciences, LKS Faculty of Medicine, The University of  Hong Kong, Hong Kong, S.A.R 999077, China.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published  by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Author information: (1)Department of Biology and Immunology, College of Medicine, Qassim University,  Buraydah, Saudi Arabia. Electronic address: m.hakim@qu.edu.sa. (2)Department of Neurology, The Affiliated Yongchuan Hospital of Chongqing  Medical University, Chongqing, China; State Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, The  First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.  Electronic address: madiha.fatima123@outlook.com. (3)Artemis Bioservices and Athenavax B.V., Delft, the Netherlands; Curacao  Biomedical & Health Research Institute, Willemstad, Curacao.
Author information: (1)Q.E.D.
Copyright © 2025 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conflict of interest statement: C. Milano receives research support from Spanish  National Health Institute Carlos III and co-funded by the European Union  (Rio-Hortega grant CM24/00055). C. Papi receives research support from Spanish  National Health Institute Carlos III (FIS grant PI23/01366) and 2023 European  Academy of Neurology Research Training Fellowship. L. Marmolejo receives  research support from Spanish National Health Institute Carlos III (predoctoral  research grant FI24/00021). M. Spatola receives research support from La Caixa  Foundation (Junior Leader) and Spanish National Health Institute Carlos III  (ISCIII) and co-funded by the European Union (FIS grant PI23/01366). J. Dalmau  receives research support from CaixaResearch Health 2022 (HR22-00221), Spanish  National Health Institute Carlos III (ISCIII) and co-funded by the European  Union (FIS grant PI23/00858), Pla estratègic de recerca i innovació en salut  (PERIS)/Generalitat de Catalunya (SLT028/23/000071), Fundació Clínic per a la  Recerca Biomèdica (FCRB) Programa Multidisciplinar de Recerca, Generalitat de  Catalunya Department of Health (SLT028/23/000071), E.J. Safra Foundation.
Conflict of interest statement: K.C.O.
Conflict of interest statement: Duality of Interest. L.V.T.
Author information: (1)Medical Research Council (MRC) Epidemiology Unit, Institute of Metabolic  Science, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, U.K. (2)MRC Metabolic Diseases Unit, Metabolic Research Laboratories and National  Institute for Health and Care Research Cambridge Biomedical Research Centre,  Institute of Metabolic Science, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, U.K. (3)Welcome-Wolfson Institute for Experimental Medicine, Queen's University  Belfast, Belfast, U.K. (4)Department of Paediatrics, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, U.
Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests statement:C.C., Z.C., Y.Z.,  and C.Y. are the inventors of a patent on the fluorophores with S-arylation-type  conjugation chemistry (CN202210228995.
Author information: (1)College of Physics and Optoelectronic Engineering, Center for Biomedical  Photonics, Key Laboratory of Optoelectronic Devices and Systems of Ministry of  Education and Guangdong Province, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen, P. R. China. (2)R.E. Kavetsky Institute of Experimental Pathology, Oncology and Radiobiology,  NAS of Ukraine, Kyiv, Ukraine.
Author information: (1)City Cardiology Center, Almaty, Kazakhstan. (2)Heart Failure and Cardio-Oncology Unit, Department of Cardiology, Athens  University Hospital Attikon, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens  Medical School, Athens, Greece. (3)Cardiology University Department, IRCCS Policlinico San Donato, Milan, Italy. (4)Heart Institute, Hospital Universitari Germans Trias i Poujol, Badalona,  Spain. (5)Universite Paris Cite, INSEM U942, Cardiology Department, Lariboisiere  Hospital, AP-HP, Paris, France. (6)Division of Medicine, Department of Cardiology, Oslo University Hospital,  Oslo, Norway. (7)K.G. Jebsen Center for Cardiac Biomarkers, Institute of Clinical Medicine,  Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.
Author information: (1)CERPOP-SPHERE Team, Toulouse University Hospital, Inserm UMR 1295, Toulouse  University, Toulouse, France. beslay.m@chu-toulouse.fr. (2)Evidence Generation, Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland. (3)CERPOP-SPHERE Team, Toulouse University Hospital, Inserm UMR 1295, Toulouse  University, Toulouse, France. (4)ARS Toscana, Florence, Italy. (5)Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Department of Medical Sciences, Centre for  Clinical and Epidemiological Research, Emilia Romagna Registry of Birth Defects,  University Hospital of Ferrara, University of Ferrara, Ferrara, Italy. (6)Rare Disease Research Unit, Foundation for Promotion of Health and Biomedical  Research of Valencian Region (FISABIO), Valencia, Spain. (7)Faculty of Medicine, Health and Life Sciences, Swansea University, Swansea,  Wales. (8)Janssen Biologics B.V, Leiden, Netherlands.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Conflict of interest: AG is an  employee of Janssen Biologics B.V. and owns stock/stock options in Johnson &  Johnson, of which Janssen is a subsidiary.
Author information: (1)Department of General Surgery, Faculty of Medicine, Zagazig University, 1  Faculty of Medicine Street, Zagazig, Sharkia, Egypt. tameralnaimy@hotmail.com. (2)General Surgery Department, Homerton University Hospital, London, UK. (3)University of Alkafeel, Alkafeel, Iraq. (4)Division of General Surgery, Department of Biomedical Science for Health,  I.R.C.C.S.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures of conflicts of interest: M.G. No  relevant relationships.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: S.R. Levine, Mary Tyler Moore Vision  Initiative (S); D.S. Markel, Mary Tyler Moore Vision Initiative (S); M.G. Myers,  None; R.
Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: R. Hecht, None; J.J. Watson, None;  Y.
Author information: (1)Department of Molecular Genetics and Cancer, NITTE (Deemed to Be University),  Nitte University Centre for Science Education and Research (NUCSER), Mangaluru,  Karnataka, India. (2)Department of Pediatrics, NITTE (Deemed to be University), K.S. Hegde Medical  Academy (KSHEMA), Mangaluru, Karnataka, India.
Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: P.M. is Editor-in-Chief of  the European Journal of Cardiovascular Nursing.
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2025 Jul 18;7(7):CD009235. doi:  10.1002/14651858.CD009235.
Update of     Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2014 Jun 10;(6):CD009235. doi:  10.1002/14651858.CD009235.
RATIONALE: Automated closed-loop systems may improve the adaptation of  mechanical ventilatory support to an individual's ventilatory needs. They may  also facilitate systematic and early recognition of the patient's ability to  breathe spontaneously and come off the ventilator. This is an update of a  Cochrane review originally published in 2013 and last updated in 2014. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the benefits and harms of automated weaning systems  compared with non-automated weaning methods in critically ill, mechanically  ventilated adults and children. SEARCH METHODS: We searched MEDLINE ALL, Embase Classic+Embase, the Cochrane  Library (Wiley), CINAHL (EBSCO), the Web of Science Core Collection, and trial  registries on 2 February 2024. We checked the reference lists of included  studies and relevant systematic reviews for other potentially eligible studies. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating  automated closed-loop ventilator applications versus non-automated weaning  methods (including non-protocolized usual care and protocolized weaning) in  people aged over four weeks who were receiving invasive mechanical ventilation  in an intensive care unit (ICU). OUTCOMES: Our critical outcomes were duration of mechanical ventilation (from  randomization to successful unassisted breathing or death), mortality, ICU  length of stay, and hospital length of stay. Our important outcomes included  other ventilation durations, adverse events related to mechanical ventilation,  and health-related quality of life. RISK OF BIAS: Two review authors independently assessed risk of bias using the  Cochrane risk of bias tool RoB 1. SYNTHESIS METHODS: Two review authors independently extracted study data. We  synthesized results for each outcome using meta-analysis (random-effects  modeling). Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were conducted according to  pre-established criteria. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence for  each outcome. INCLUDED STUDIES: This update included 62 trials (59 in adults, 3 in children)  with 5052 participants (4834 adults, 218 children). The trials evaluated 10  commercially available automated closed-loop systems and one non-commercial  system. Forty trials were conducted in mixed or medical ICU populations, the  remainder in surgical ICU populations. SYNTHESIS OF RESULTS: Automated closed-loop systems probably reduce the duration  of mechanical ventilation compared with non-automated weaning methods (mean  difference [MD] -0.28 log hours, 95% confidence interval [CI] -0.36 to -0.20; I2  = 87%; 51 RCTs, 3929 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). These data  translate to a relative reduction of 24% (95% CI 18% to 30%). Automated  closed-loop systems probably result in little to no difference in mortality  compared with non-automated weaning methods (risk ratio [RR] 0.94, 95% CI 0.82  to 1.07; I2 = 0%; 38 RCTs, 3620 participants, 618 events; moderate-certainty  evidence). Automated closed-loop systems probably reduce ICU length of stay  compared with non-automated weaning methods (MD -0.15 log days, 95% CI -0.20 to  -0.09; I2 = 71%; 40 RCTs, 3571 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). These  data translate to a relative reduction of 14% (95% CI 9% to 18%). Automated  closed-loop systems probably reduce hospital length of stay compared with  non-automated weaning methods (MD -0.11 log days, 95% CI -0.16 to -0.05; I2 =  43%; 26 RCTs, 2094 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). These data  translate to a relative reduction of 10% (95% CI 5% to 15%). In relation to  adverse events related to mechanical ventilation, automated closed-loop systems  compared with non-automated weaning methods probably reduce the need for  reintubation (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.89; I2 = 0%; 28 RCTs, 2670 participants;  moderate-certainty evidence), non-invasive ventilation following extubation (RR  0.74, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.88, I2 = 0%; 23 RCTs, 2451 participants;  moderate-certainty evidence), prolonged ventilation (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.34 to  0.87; I2 = 0%; 11 RCTs, 1191 participants; moderate-certainty evidence), and  tracheostomy (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.91; I2 = 0%; 17 RCTs, 1857 participants;  moderate-certainty evidence). No studies reported health-related quality of  life. Evidence certainty was downgraded for heterogeneity or imprecision. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Based on moderate-certainty evidence from 62 trials  including over 5000 critically ill people (mainly adults), we found that  automated closed-loop systems probably reduce the duration of mechanical  ventilation and the length of ICU and hospital stay compared with non-automated  weaning methods. Automated systems probably have little to no effect on  mortality but probably reduce the need for reintubation, non-invasive  ventilation, prolonged ventilation, and tracheostomy. Given the  moderate-certainty evidence of benefit and no evidence of harm, the adoption of  automated closed-loop ventilation systems into adult critical care clinical  practice warrants consideration. There is a need for further adequately powered  multi-center trials in adults and children. Future trials should include  health-related quality of life among their outcomes. FUNDING: This review received no funding. REGISTRATION: The original review was registered with the Cochrane Database of  Systematic Reviews, registration number CD009235. The original protocol,  published in 2011, is available at DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD009235.
DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD009235.
Author information: (1)Danish Center for Expertise in Rheumatology, Danish Hospital for Rheumatic  Diseases, Engelshøjgade 9, Sønderborg 6400, Denmark. (2)Institute for Regional Health, Southern Danish University, Odense, Denmark. (3)Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Guy's and St Thomas NHS Foundation Trust, London,  UK. (4)Danish Center for Expertise in Rheumatology, Danish Hospital for Rheumatic  Diseases, Sønderborg, Denmark. (5)Department of Rheumatology, Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark. (6)Division of Rheumatology, Department of Medicine Solna, Karolinska Institutet  and Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm, Sweden. (7)Department of Rheumatology, Faculty of Medicine and Health, Örebro  University, Örebro, Sweden. (8)The Zabludowicz Center for Autoimmune Diseases, Sheba Medical Center,  Tel-Hashomer, Israel. (9)Spanish Antiphospholipid Syndrome Association (SAF España), Elche, Spain. (10)Department of Rheumatology and Clinical Immunology, School of Medicine,  University of Crete, Heraklion, Greece. (11)Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Laboratory of  Autoimmunity-Inflammation, Heraklion, Greece. (12)EULAR Young PARE, Avellino, Italy. (13)Internal Medicine and Rheumatology, Dr. I. Cantacuzino Clinical Hospital,  "Carol Davila" University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Bucharest, Romania. (14)Rheumatology Department, Hospital de Santa Maria, U.L.S.
Plain Language Summary: When the patient leaflet and the clinical guidelines say  different things on the use of antirheumatic medications during pregnancy and  breastfeeding: global health care providers say that conflicting information can  cause confusion and tension in the patient-clinician relationship Background:  When pregnant or breastfeeding, women with rheumatic musculoskeletal diseases  (RMDs) face challenges in managing their condition due to conflicting  information about medication safety. Healthcare providers (HCPs) often struggle  with discrepancies between clinical guidelines and the safety information  provided with medications, such as the Summary of Product Characteristics and  Patient Information Leaflets. This discrepancy can lead to difficulties in  advising patients about safe medication use during pregnancy and breastfeeding.  HCPs might feel uncertain or uncomfortable discussing medication safety, which  can affect the patient-doctor relationship and even lead to stopping necessary  treatments. The PRAISE study: To understand these challenges better, the PRAISE  study conducted an online survey among 414 HCPs worldwide. We aimed to assess  how HCPs prescribe medications, their comfort levels in advising patients, and  the challenges they face due to conflicting information. Our key findings  include: Confidence in prescribing: HCPs who prescribe medications were more  comfortable discussing medication safety during pregnancy than those who do not  prescribe.Usefulness of guidelines: Most prescribers found clinical guidelines  very useful in managing patient care.Conflicting information: Over half of the  HCPs reported feeling confused or tense when dealing with conflicting  information between guidelines and medication safety documents.
Conflict of interest statement: K.S.: Speaker and/or consultancy fees from Eli  Lilly, Thermo-Fisher, UCB.
Conflict of interest statement: F.V., F.M., and F.F. have received lecture fees  from Gore.
Conflict of interest statement: P.S. is listed as an inventor on a patent (US  9,897,593) filed by the City University of Hong Kong describing the system for  automated handling of larval zebrafish.
Author information: (1)Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Shanghai Institute of Infectious Disease  and Biosecurity, and Institutes of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University,  Shanghai 200032, China. (2)Bacteriophage T4 Medical Research Center, Department of Biology, The Catholic  University of America, 620 Michigan Ave. N.E., Washington, DC 20064, USA.
Author information: (1)Department of Computer Science, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State  University, Blacksburg, VA, USA. (2)Fralin Biomedical Research Institute, Virginia Tech FBRI Cancer Research  Center, Washington, D.C., USA.
Lung adenocarcinoma is a common malignancy in clinical practice, but the  coexistence of lung and gastric adenocarcinomas in a single patient is rare.  This report presents the case of a 70-year-old male with a history of smoking  for over 30 years, diagnosed with both lung adenocarcinoma and gastric  adenocarcinoma through lung biopsy and gastroscopy. Following comprehensive  evaluations and exclusion of treatment contraindications, the patient underwent  a therapeutic regimen comprising Sintilimab combined with nab-paclitaxel and  cisplatin. Genetic testing of the lung cancer tissue identified mutations in the  epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene, specifically p.L858R in exon 21  and p.T790M in exon 20.
BACKGROUND: Recurrent miscarriage is a debilitating disorder associated with  considerable physical and psychological morbidity. An estimated 50% of first  trimester miscarriages remain unexplained. The aim of this study was to provide  a personalised framework to guide the expectations of women experiencing  recurrent miscarriage, with the ultimate goal of transforming clinical practice. METHODS: We used real-world data from a UK longitudinal study of 1201 couples  attending National Health Service (NHS) miscarriage clinics, with a history of  previous miscarriages, comprising medical and obstetric history, results of  investigations and pregnancy and neonatal outcome. We developed, parametrised,  and validated predictive models for the probability that the next pregnancy is  viable and for the time to next pregnancy. Time to next pregnancy separates  couples into two groups, a group with subfertility, i.e., delay in conception,  and a group with no significant delay in conception. We used Bayesian inference  for the latter model.Trial registration number: The prospective data collections  were pre-registered ISRCTN17732518; https://doi.
Author information: (1)Department of Microbiology, Graphic Era (Deemed to be University), Dehradun,  India. (2)Department of Biotechnology, Graphic Era (Deemed to be University), Dehradun,  India. (3)Department of Food Science and Technology, Graphic Era (Deemed to be  University), Dehradun, India. (4)Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, King Khalid University, Abha  61413, Saudi Arabia. (5)Research Centre for Advanced Materials Science (RCAMS), King Khalid  University, AlQura'a, P.O. Box 960, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Phenikaa University, Yen Nghia, Ha Dong,  Hanoi 12116, Vietnam. (2)Department of Industrial Biotechnology, School of Engineering Sciences in  Chemistry, Biotechnology and Health (CBH), KTH Royal Institute of Technology,  Stockholm, Sweden. (3)Department of Medical Biotechnology, Aarupadai Veedu Medical College and  Hospital, Vinayaka Mission's Research Foundation (Deemed to be University),  Puducherry 607403, India. (4)Department of Microbiology, M.G.S.
Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Research Network of Computational  and Structural Biotechnology.
The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Research Network of  Computational and Structural Biotechnology.
Author information: (1)Department of Neurosciences, Germans Trias i Pujol University Hospital,  Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Spain (M.H.-P.
Conflict of interest statement: Dr Hernández-Pérez received personal fees from  aptaTargets during this study. Dr Hernández-Jiménez is a Scientific Advisor to  aptaTargets S.L. Dr Ribo is a consultant to aptaTargets, Cerenovus, Medtronic,  Philips, Rapid Pulse, Stryker Corporation, and Vesalio; has stock options in  Anaconda Biomed, Methinks, and Nora; and received compensation from Sensome for  data and safety monitoring services.
Author information: (1)Lipids and Atherosclerosis Unit, Maimonides Institute for Biomedical Research  in Cordoba (IMIBIC), Reina Sofia University Hospital, University of Córdoba,  Córdoba, Spain. (2)CIBEROBN (CIBER in Physiopathology of Obesity and Nutrition), Instituto de  Salud Carlos III, Madrid, Spain. (3)Biochemical Laboratory, Reina Sofia University Hospital, Córdoba, Spain. (4)Department of Environmental Health, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public  Health, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
BackgroundThe global burden of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias is  rapidly increasing, particularly in low- and middle-income countries where  access to specialized healthcare is limited. Neuropsychological tests are  essential diagnostic tools, but their administration requires trained  professionals, creating screening barriers. Automated computational assessment  presents a cost-effective solution for global dementia screening.ObjectiveTo  develop and validate an artificial intelligence-based screening tool using the  Trail Making Test (TMT), demographic information, completion times, and drawing  analysis for enhanced dementia detection.MethodsWe developed: (1) non-image  models using demographics and TMT completion times, (2) image-only models, and  (3) fusion models.
Author information: (1)Department of Electrical Engineering, Ya.C., Islamic Azad University, Yazd,  Iran.
Author information: (1)Faculty of Medicine, Autonomous University of Querétaro, Queretaro, Mexico. (2)University Center of Health Sciences, University of Guadalajara, Sierra  Mojada 950, Independencia Oriente. P.C., Guadalajara, Jalisco, 44340, México.
Author information: (1)Department of Biomedical and Neuromotor Sciences, University of Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. (2)Department of Biotechnology, Jozef Stefan Institute, Ljubljana, Slovenia. (3)IRCCS Istituto delle Scienze Neurologiche di Bologna, Bologna, Italy. (4)Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology, University of Bologna, Bologna,  Italy. (5)Department of Chemistry "G. Ciamician", University of Bologna, Bologna,  Italy. (6)Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia. (7)Department of Biomedical and Neuromotor Sciences, University of Bologna,  Bologna, Italy. stefania.trazzi3@unibo.it. (8)C.I.B, Consorzio Interuniversitario per le Biotecnologie, Trieste, Italy.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: The study was approved by the local ethics committee of the Arak  University of Medical Sciences (Ethical No. IR.ARAKMU.REC.
Author information: (1)Department of Clinical and Community Pharmacy, Faculty of Pharmacy, An-Najah  National University (www.najah.edu), Nablus, P.O. Box: 7, Palestine.
BACKGROUND: The development of Pharmacovigilance (P.V) systems in Palestine  remains in its early stages, with limited national infrastructure and  underreporting of Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) posing ongoing challenges.
Author information: (1)Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation Department of Human Genetics, Miller School  of Medicine, University of Miami, Miami, FL, USA. (2)The John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics, University of Miami, Miami,  FL, USA. (3)Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Case Western  Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA. (4)Taub Institute for Research in Alzheimer's Disease and the Aging Brain, The  Gertrude H. Sergievsky Center Department of Neurology, Columbia University, New  York, NY, USA. (5)Department of Neurology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. (6)Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Informatics, Perelman School  of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (7)Department of Medicine (Biomedical Genetics), Boston University Chobanian &  Avedisian School of Medicine, Boston, MA, USA. (8)Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and  Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,  Philadelphia, PA, USA. (9)Cleveland Institute for Computational Biology, Case Western Reserve  University, Cleveland, OH, USA. (10)Department of Neurology, Boston University Chobanian & Avedisian School of  Medicine, Boston, MA, USA. (11)Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health, Cleveland Clinic,  Cleveland, OH, USA. (12)Department of Biostatistics, Boston University School of Public Health,  Boston, MA, USA. (13)Molecular Genetics Division, Brain Research Institute, Niigata University,  Niigata, Japan. (14)Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, Department of Epidemiology, College of Public  Health, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY, USA. (15)Department of Psychiatry, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,  Dallas, TX, USA. (16)Department of Neurology, Dell Medical School, University of Texas at Austin,  Austin, TX, USA. (17)Department of Neurology, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA. (18)Department of Neurology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (19)Geriatric Research, Education and Clinical Center (GRECC), VA Ann Arbor  Healthcare System (VAAAHS), Ann Arbor, MI, USA. (20)Michigan Alzheimer's Disease Center, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI,  USA. (21)Department of Neuroscience, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, USA. (22)Department of Pharmacology and Neuroscience, University of North Texas  Health Science Center, Fort Worth, TX, USA. (23)Departments of Neurology, Radiology, and Medical and Molecular Genetics,  Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN, USA. (24)Indiana Alzheimer's Disease Research Center, Indiana University School of  Medicine, Indianapolis, IN, USA. (25)Department of Psychiatry, Perelman School of Medicine, University of  Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA. (26)Geriatric Research, Education and Clinical Center (GRECC), University of  Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA. (27)Department of Medicine, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA. (28)Wisconsin Alzheimer's Disease Research Center, Madison, WI, USA. (29)Department of Neurological Sciences, Rush University Medical Center,  Chicago, IL, USA. (30)Department of Behavioral Sciences, Rush University Medical Center, Chicago,  IL, USA. (31)Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center, Rush University Medical Center, Chicago,  IL, USA. (32)Gertrude H. Sergievsky Center, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. (33)Civin Laboratory for Neuropathology, Banner Sun Health Research Institute,  Phoenix, AZ, USA. (34)Departments of Psychiatry, Neurology, and Psychology, University of  Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pennsylvania, WA, USA. (35)National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center, University of Washington, Seattle,  WA, USA. (36)Department of Psychiatry and Hope Center Program on Protein Aggregation and  Neurodegeneration, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO, USA. (37)Department of Psychiatry , University of Texas at Austin/Dell Medical  School, Austin, TX, USA. (38)VA Puget Sound Health Care System/GRECC, Seattle, WA, USA. (39)Department of Neurology, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (40)Department of Epidemiology, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA,  USA. (41)Department of Psychiatry, Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical  School, Boston, MA, USA. (42)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA. (43)Swedish Medical Center, Seattle, WA, USA. (44)Department of Neurology, University of California San Francisco, San  Francisco, CA, USA. (45)Department of Neurosciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla,  CA, USA. (46)Department of Medicine, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA. (47)University of Kansas Alzheimer's Disease Center, University of Kansas  Medical Center, Kansas City, KS, USA. (48)Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Ronald M. Loeb Center for  Alzheimer's Disease, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA. (49)Department of Neuroscience, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New  York, NY, USA. (50)Department of Psychiatry, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, NY, USA. (51)Department of Pathology and Immunology, Washington University, St. Louis,  MO, USA. (52)USF Health Byrd Alzheimer's Institute, University of South Florida, Tampa,  FL, USA. (53)Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA. (54)Mental Health and Behavioral Science Service, Bruce W. Carter VA Medical  Center, Miami, FL, USA. (55)Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, Chapel  Hill, NC, USA. (56)Neurogenetics Program, University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles,  CA, USA. (57)University of California Los Angeles, University of Southern California, Los  Angeles, CA, USA. (58)Section of Gerontology and Geriatric Medicine Research, Wake Forest School  of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, USA. (59)Department of Medicine, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA. (60)Department of Neurology, University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA. (61)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Miller School of Medicine,  University of Miami, Miami, FL, USA. (62)NeuroGenomics and Informatics, Washington University, St Louis, MO, USA. (63)Department of Psychiatry, Washington University in St. Louis, St Louis, MO,  USA. (64)Alzheimer's Disease and Memory Disorders Center, Baylor College of Medicine,  Houston, TX, USA. (65)Department of Population and Data Sciences, University of Texas Southwestern  Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA. (66)Center for Translational and Computational Neuroimmunology, Department of  Neurology, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA. (67)Department of Neurology, University of California Davis, Sacramento, CA,  USA. (68)Departments of Neurology, Pharmacology and Neuroscience, Texas Tech  University Health Science Center, Lubbock, TX, USA. (69)Institute for Memory Impairments and Neurological Disorders, University of  California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA. (70)Wien Center for Alzheimer's Disease and Memory Disorders, Mount Sinai  Medical Center, Miami Beach, FL, USA. (71)Department of Neurology, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, USA. (72)Rush Institute for Healthy Aging, Department of Internal Medicine, Rush  University Medical Center, Chicago, IL, USA. (73)Department of Medical and Molecular Genetics, Indiana University,  Indianapolis, IN, USA. (74)Office of Strategy and Measurement, University of North Texas Health Science  Center, Fort Worth, TX, USA. (75)Department of Pathology, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham,  AL, USA. (76)Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, Department of Biostatistics, College of  Public Health, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY, USA. (77)Department of Neurology, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA. (78)Department of Psychiatry, New York University, New York, NY, USA. (79)Department of Neurology, University of Louisville School of Medicine,  Lousiville, KY, USA. (80)C.S. Kubik Laboratory for Neuropathology, Massachusetts General Hospital,  Charlestown, MA, USA.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethics approval and consent to  participate: For our IRB to compile the de-identified data and conduct analyses,  the ADGC protocol is reviewed and approved by the University of Pennsylvania IRB  #8 (Federalwide Assurance #00004028). Consent for publication: Not applicable.  Competing interests: J.A.P.
Author information: (1)Botany and Microbiology Department, Faculty of Science, Alexandria, Egypt. (2)Bioprocess Development Department, Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology  Research Institute (GEBRI), City of Scientific Research and Technological  Applications (SRTA-City), Universities and Research Institutes Zone, New Borg  El-Arab City, Alexandria, P.O. 21934, Egypt.
BACKGROUND: Biogenic synthesis of zinc nanoparticles (ZnNPs) has attracted  significant interest due to their unique properties and potential biological  applications. Unlike chemical and physical methods, biogenic synthesis offers a  greener and more eco-friendly alternative. This study explores the synthesis of  zinc-based nanoparticles using two distinct bacterial strains. RESULTS: In this study, zinc nanoparticles were synthesized in two forms:  single-phase zinc sulfide nanoparticles (ZnS NPs) and mixed-phase zinc  sulfide-oxide nanoparticles (ZnS-ZnO NPs), using Achromobacter sp. S4 and  Pseudomonas sp. S6. The synthesis conditions were optimized for each strain,  with pH playing a crucial role: Achromobacter sp. S4 favored basic conditions  (pH 8.0) for zinc nanoparticles production, while Pseudomonas sp. S6 preferred  acidic conditions (pH 4.7). TEM analysis revealed that Zn NPs from Pseudomonas  sp. S6 were rod-shaped, whereas those from Achromobacter sp. S4 were spherical.  Further characterization using EDX, XRD, and FTIR confirmed the successful  synthesis of single phase ZnS NPs and hybride phase ZnS-ZnO NPs. Antimicrobial  dose-response testing showed that single-phase ZnS NPs inhibited Klebsiella  pneumoniae, while mixed-phase ZnS-ZnO NPs were effective against Staphylococcus  epidermidis at 100 µg/ml based on inhibition zone measurements.Furthermore, the  mixed-phase ZnS-ZnO NPs at 25 µg/ml demonstrated superior inhibition of  microbial growth in sludge samples, likely due to a synergistic effect.
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Competing interests: JR, CM, and  RD declare to have no conflicts of interest.CDG is a consultant for and has  received honoraria for giving lectures from Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine, CA,  USA).
Conflict of interest statement: Declarations. Ethical approval: All animal  experiments were performed in compliance with relevant laws and institutional  guidelines and in accordance with the ethical standards of the Declaration of  Helsinki (revised in 2013). All SARS-CoV-2 animal work was conducted in a BSL3  approved animal facility at Griffith University (Animal ethics approval:  MHIQ/09/20/AEC). Competing interests: Y.T is the founding director for Prorenata  Biotech.
